Calm down! Boris Corman hammered himself and fought against the panic rising in him. His heart was beating wildly, and he had to lean against the wall, breathing heavily. His hands were shaking. In vain he tried to convince himself that it was all just a coincidence. The journalist had been interested only in a story, and her question about the serum probably referred to something quite different from his poison. She had certainly made inquiries beforehand and learned that he was also working on a very similar formula at Biochemics. The biological balance of the primeval area had been upset by the transport to the present. For some reason, especially in the areas affected by the time quakes, there had been an unusually large number of dinosaurs, which now lived in a comparatively small space. Some races also multiplied above average, because their natural enemies had not also arrived in the present in sufficient numbers. This concerned above all the - compared with the primeval giants - quite small, but extremely cunning and dangerous Deinonychus'. The two options for curbing their overly strong population were either to organize regular hunts for the animals and shoot them down, or to slow down their reproduction by means of genetic engineering. Biochemics had been commissioned to conduct research in this direction, and Corman was in charge of the corresponding experiments. The journalist had certainly only meant this serum, which he had officially been working on for some time. No one could have guessed that he was using the knowledge gained to secretly develop a toxin that not only inhibited dinosaur reproduction, but prevented it altogether, thus dooming the animals to extinction. Only in such a way the question could have been meant. Quite certainly. He did not believe in it. It did not matter what logical arguments he put forward. Part of his mind was convinced that the journalist knew or at least suspected more than she had admitted, and the fear of that kept reigniting his panic. Nothing could be allowed to go wrong, not now that he was only a tiny step away from his goal. Was it really just a coincidence that the journalist had come just now, snooping around and trying to question him? It was possible that she had already had concrete suspicions and was now on her way to the police. Corman realized that he was well on his way to becoming paranoid. What could possibly happen? He knew his serum was working, even better than he had expected. The three Compsognathus dinosaurs had died a few hours ago. He had also finished a large enough quantity of the serum over the course of the previous night and day. Since it spread so extremely rapidly and was still effective even in minimal doses, as little as twenty liters should be enough to create a poisonous cloud that would rise into the atmosphere and contaminate all of America. The serum he developed would initially spread as a gas, but the specially bred gene that formed the main ingredient of the serum would attach itself like a parasite to the molecular chains of solid substances, especially water molecules. In this way, it would gradually spread to the other continents, ultimately even to the whole world, as was his dream. The amount already produced was therefore sufficient, so that nothing was actually keeping him here. Sometime in the course of the next twenty-four hours, there would certainly be another timequake. It just depended on how quickly Richards got the necessary information. As recently as last night, the big game hunter had called to tell him the pilot would deliver it to him later today. Basically, it was only a matter of hours until they could set off.