 Shin'loa pulled the two away from the opening, while more and more camera drones circled above them to capture the new champion in great detail. "This changes things," the hydrit said seriously. "Why? What do you mean?", Aruula wanted to know. "The Cesar will soon learn that both Quart'ol and you have disappeared," Shin'loa explained. "Since Ydiel survived the battle, he will use him as leverage or bait to get his hands on you. So if we're going to rescue him, we need to do it now. As soon as he's returned to the catacombs." "Talk to your father again," Quart'ol demanded. "Whatever reservations he had about supporting you, he will have to give them up. For if we fail in the rescue operation, your hiding place will no longer be safe either." "We cannot risk our lives for every Hydrite who comes along," Guan'ril clacked, fixing Quart'ol with a grim look. "And certainly not for a lizard creature." "I told you they were both from another world," Shin'loa said to her father. "And that world is now ours as well. You must finally realize that and act instead of continuing to hide!" Guan'ril bared his teeth and hissed indignantly. "That's no way to talk to your father! I will decide for myself what I think and do!" "Then hurry up with it! Because it probably won't be long before the soldiers find our hiding place and slaughter us one by one!" retorted Shin'loa, chin jutting defiantly and head fin sticking up. At first she thought her father would grab her and shake her, he looked so angry. But then he just snorted so that his gills distended, slumped his shoulders and sighed deeply. "I should have known. No, I knew it from the beginning that this would not last." "You have bravely stood against the bloody traditions of your own people and practiced renunciation," Quart'ol interjected abruptly. "And for the better for you and everyone who followed you. Just because your time in this place is over does not mean a step backward. Change, on the contrary, is a good thing in most cases." "Aside from the fact that we were supposedly torn from our home and transported to another world?" asked Guan'ril cynically. "That, too, may turn out to be your greatest good, because it broadens your perspective," Quart'ol countered. Shin'loa's gaze drifted to him again. There was something about the scrawny hydrite that drew her magically. He may not have been a great warrior, but he was a true thinker. He possessed so much knowledge, so much experience and foresight. Perhaps those were the values that were more important in the world they were stranded in. "How are we supposed to go on? What's the point?" retorted Guan'ril. "As it seems, from one day to the next we have become a dying species - the remnant of a prehistoric species that knows no harbor on this world." Shin'loa glanced back and forth between the men. As she did so, she fervently hoped that Quart'ol could convince her father that it was now time to fight instead of continuing to hide. "Beyond the thorn hedge and the whirlpools lies a world that welcomes you all," Quart'ol said. "The Circle of Reflection's way of life is also ours. We will be able to benefit from each other. And we share the same roots. We are all Hydrites." He paused for a precisely measured amount of time to let his words sink in, then continued, "Give us a chance. Give yourselves a chance, and we'll find a way. I will do everything I can to get the HydRat to grant you asylum." Guan'dril took a step to the side and pointed to the other members of the group. "What about those who can't make it? Those who can't conquer their thirst for blood? And what about those who are still in the dungeons of the Cesar?" "But that's what it's all about!" intervened Aruula, who had remained in the background until now. "We have to save them so they have any chance at all! Your people - and Ydiel! " Her tone made it clear that she would not wait much longer. She would leave, with or without reinforcements. Guan'ril was silent for several breaths. Then he nodded. Shin'loa felt a great weight fall from her shoulders. Her father had finally shown insight and decided on the right path. The time for hiding was over. "I agree," Guan'ril said. "But I cannot force anyone to follow me and you into such a dangerous fight. The members of our group will decide for themselves." As leader of the Circle of Reflection, he took a few steps forward, turned to the other Hydrites, and shouted in a loud voice, "Fate has robbed us of our roots and transferred us to a new world. But our hearts are not lost!" He spread his flipper comb to full size. "We have made it our mission to return to true values. And that includes acting beyond our own good. Our brothers and sisters, as well as a friend of the two strangers, are in need, and only we can save them. It will not be a clandestine action as before, but a fight for life and death. Who will join us?" A murmur, whisper, and clack went through the ranks of the wild hydrites. Shin'loa could see some shaking their heads. Others nodded affirmatively at the elder's words. She was proud of her father. Aruula again urged departure. "Those who choose not to, pack up everything they can carry and flee," Guan'ril continued. "This place is no longer safe. From now on, the sea will once again be our home. Do not wait for us. We will follow you later - or perish trying to do the right thing." The words faded away, and Shin'loa was beginning to think she and her father would be alone on the side of their new friends, when the first hydrite stepped forward, bowed his head to Guan'ril, and stood beside him. In the end, there were a good dozen who wanted to go with them. The others began hastily gathering their belongings. "Arm yourselves!" ordered Guan'ril to the willing ones. "Should we make it back this far, you will take the escape routes that lead directly to the harbor or into the sea. There will be no time to look back again. Everything must be ready." "Thank you," Shin'loa breathed in Quart'ol's direction. His imploring appeal had done the trick. And it was just as well. She would rather die fighting than be crushed like a swarm of Gulpfoots on the run. Quart'ol nodded gently at her. But his expression was serious. His look seemed to say, "I'll take care of you." And she admired him all the more for it. A thin, smart, big-hearted and brave warrior. Better, she would look out for him. "We're leaving! Shin'loa, you lead us!" shouted Guan'ril. With that, the small squad began to move. Into the aqueduct system, to rescue a lizardman from another world that was now theirs.