Matt glanced at the on-board clock. The minutes seemed to pass in fast motion, while the marked dot on the on-board computer display moved only slowly closer. More energy waves rolled through him and the glider, leaving an ever-updated location of the tachyon concentration on the screen. Fate had granted him a second chance, and he would use it to the best of his ability. Sixty-two minutes. The landscape beneath the glider became more rural. The first farmhouses appeared. But no one was to be seen. Had the population fled to Rome, to the supposed protection of the metropolis? Or were the people hiding in their houses from the approaching catastrophe? It remained the same: they were lost, and he would not be able to save them. It would take more time and an armada of Casynarian transporters. Only two hundred meters to go. Matt went lower, flew over a hill, then a clump of trees. And then he saw them - a small group of Hydrites. Matt's adrenaline shot up when he spotted the slender black-haired woman towering over everyone. There she was! Aruula was alive and well! And standing right next to her were Ydiel and Quart'ol, who stood out from the other, much stronger Hydrites. This time the landing was smoother. Matt set the glider down as close as possible to the group, so as not to waste unnecessary time. Then he hurried to the bulkhead. As he opened it, Aruula came to meet him and fell into his arms. "Maddrax! I thought I would never see you again!" It felt so good to feel her, to grab her and hold her against him. And Aruula felt the same way. Her fingers dug into his neck and back, making him wince painfully. "Forgive me," the warrior breathed, taking a step back to look at him. "Are you hurt? What happened? Where were you, and where is the archivist?" "I'm okay. We should sort out everything else later, outside the thorn wall." Quart'ol and Ydiel greeted him with noticeable relief. Both had sustained visible bruises. But they had all found each other, and that was the most important thing. "May I introduce you to Guan'ril and his daughter Shin'loa?" said Quart'ol. "They saved us." "Saved us severalrr times over," Ydiel remarked with a snarl. Guan'ril was an impressive specimen. Over all, all the local hydrites were larger and beefier than Quart'ol. They seemed fiercer and somehow more predatory. Basically, it was no surprise that their species also existed in this parallel world. After all, they had been on Earth for millennia, long before the first humans. This had given them plenty of time to appear in the history of various worlds, where events had unfolded differently. "You can tell me all about that later," Matthew Drax repeated, "Now we should get out of here as quickly as possible." He pointed to the glider's airlock. "I'm afraid it's going to be a bit cramped, but if you all squeeze together, we should be okay." "We're going to ... fly?" Shin'loa's eyes snapped open, and the rest of the squad also looked nervous all at once. "That - or you'll go down with the anomaly. Because that's what's happening right now. This piece of the world is collapsing, and it's going to collapse in a little less than an hour," Matt said. "I'm not even going to ask how you know that," Aruula replied, walking past him into the glider. Quart'ol took up the rear and gently pushed the group into the ship. It was getting so crowded that Matt had difficulty squeezing between the scaly bodies and into the cockpit. His companion, meanwhile, had wordlessly set aside the archivist's severed arm and spread a warming sheet from the first-aid kit over the blood-stained copilot's chair. "Is he dead?" she asked without regret in her voice, sitting down. "Honestly, I don't know," Matt said as he closed the bulkhead and readied the glider for takeoff. "After I freed myself from the forehead bracelet Patrem was using to control me, I had him tied to the seat. We crashed over Rome when the time field collapsed, and were hurled a short distance into the past. When I came to after the crash landing, he was gone. Except for the arm he lost in the crash." Aruula furrowed her brow and nodded without probing. Questionable if she understood it all. After all, Matt didn't fully comprehend it himself yet. "It all happened because Patrem manipulated a world portal to avoid being tracked by the people from the domain," he continued. "I don't know much more than that. Only that Rome," he glanced at the ship's chronograph, "will cease to exist in fifty-six minutes." "Then take us away from here," Aruula said curtly. And that's exactly what the man from the past did.