For a horrible second or two, Boris Corman was unable to move. The hard fall was as much responsible for this as the terror. Helplessly, he had to watch the three Compsognathus' coming closer and closer. Immediately after, a sharp pain jerked through his leg. One of the dinosaurs had bitten him in the thigh, and even though the animals were relatively small, they possessed almost hand-length mouths with needle-sharp teeth. Still, Corman was lucky in two ways. First, his thigh was too thick for the Compsognathus to properly bite into, so only the foremost teeth bored through the fabric of his pants into his skin. And what's more, the pain snapped him out of his paralysis. Just in time he was able to turn his head to the side. Only a few finger-widths in front of his face the fangs of a second reptile clanged together. Blindly, Boris Corman lashed out with his fist. He hit one of the dinosaurs, which was hurled away under the force of the blow, crashed against the wall and lay dazed. The second Compsognathus tried to grab at his arm, but missed. Corman rolled around and braced himself. With difficulty he got to his feet. The bite wound in his thigh hurt so badly that he almost fell again, but he managed to brace himself against the wall just in time. Once again one of the Compsognathus' snapped at him, but this time Corman was on guard. He gave the animal a light kick that made it back away. After he stood upright again, the other two dinosaurs seemed to realize that he was too big and dangerous an opponent for them. They crawled back into the corner where they had been lying before and lapsed back into apathy. Corman limped to the exit and left the enclosure. He didn't understand what was wrong with the animals. He had never seen them so aggressive. Usually they were completely peaceful. It was probably related to the serum - it seemed to have unpredictable side effects. At least it didn't seem to make the animals fundamentally aggressive, but only triggered this reaction when they were approached and felt threatened. Corman left the basement. As he climbed the stairs, he could not put full weight on his injured leg; the wound was probably worse than he had thought, and it was bleeding profusely. A large, dark bloodstain soaked his pants at the thigh. Cursing quietly to himself, he hobbled to the bathroom, where he opened the medicine cabinet and sat down on the edge of the bathtub. With a pair of scissors, he cut off the torn pant leg and examined the injury more closely. The front teeth of the Compsognathus had bored deeply into his skin, but they were only flesh wounds that, while very painful, looked worse than they actually were. A steady stream of red pulsed from the wounds and ran down his leg, but it would not be difficult to stop the bleeding. First, however, he had to disinfect the wounds. Corman reached for a vial of tincture of iodine. It burned like hell as he dribbled it on the injuries and applied it around the edges of the wounds, but he gritted his teeth. He then applied a tight bandage. When he finally stood up, the pain had become somewhat bearable, and he could walk almost normally again. On top of the fright, he now needed a drink. Hot anger at the Compsognathus' blazed within him. He knew that if he went right back down to the cellar, he would not be able to control himself and would kill the animals. But that could not happen under any circumstances. He still needed the dinosaurs for further investigations.