The very next day Patrick went to the administrator of the large Windhome estate and was hired. Not as a harvester out in the fields, but as a farmhand who mainly had to help on the farm. Patrick didn't tell much about his new job. And Stella rarely asked him about it. She was happy to be with him every evening now. This weakened her anxiety somewhat. In addition, Stella was preoccupied with new problems. She wanted to fight for her rights. Patrick should no longer have to be a servant. She was the heiress of Ferrymoore Castle. No one could deny her that. It was only because of Patrick that the notary had blocked her income. At that time she had accepted it, today she rebelled against it. When she first wanted to talk to Patrick about her plans, he looked at her in dismay. "So you do long for life back at Ferrymoore, Stella. I was afraid of that." "No, it's not like that, Patrick. It is for your sake that I want to fight. You toil as a servant for a pittance. Do you not feel yourself that you were never a servant in your former life?" "Yes," Patrick confessed, avoiding her gaze. "If we could return to Ferrymoore Castle, then ..." Patrick withdrew his hands from her and interrupted, "Then I would be a mere sufferer again, and bring you into new dangers at that. No, Stella, I cannot let you hold me any longer. Your notary and Lady Laura were right when they accused me of that. Nor will I go away from Ireland." He got up and paced the little sitting-room excitedly. "I belong here. At least I know that now. No one can talk me out of it anymore. I'm not just from Ireland, I have to be in my closest home. And I'm yet to find out who I am. Every day I feel that hour approaching. I will continue to work as a servant." He stopped in front of Stella and put his hands on her shoulders. "Please, Stella, continue to stand by me. Only when you are with me do I feel strong and confident." Stella could no longer hold back the tears. "I never intended to go to Ferrymoore Castle alone. I just wanted to make life easier for you." "You are, if you don't mind me now, Stella." Patrick's eyes gleamed with excitement. "Yesterday I was standing outside the horse stables. Suddenly I forgot what I had wanted to do. Many images rose up before me. I saw myself coming across the estate. In riding boots with shiny silver spurs, in black breeches and red jacket, with a black velvet cap on my head. And I called out, 'Taylor, saddle me Lord Archibald. I'll contest the show with him today; he has the best jumping ability.'" Stella had moved away from Patrick; she sat down on the sheepskin in front of the fireplace and looked up at him. Her face was pale as a sheet, her eyes unnaturally wide, her hands pressed to her chest. Was she dreaming, or was Patrick suddenly not standing before her in the gray Drillich suit he always wore when he came from the Windhome estate? Was he really wearing all the things he had just listed? Now Patrick sat down by her and pulled her close. "I scared you, Stella. Actually, I wasn't going to tell you all that yet. I thought I needed to get ahead first." "You must have had a dream," Stella said. "No, it wasn't a dream. I haven't told you yet what went on outside the horse barn. In my excitement I really did call for Taylor and demand the horse Lord Archibald." "Well?" asked Stella. She leaned tighter and tighter against Patrick. "Another servant came running and tapped his forehead. He said, 'Gee, Patrick, have you gone crazy? Taylor was my predecessor, he died three years ago. Where do you get off calling him? You're a stranger here.'" "So there really was a servant on the estate named Taylor, Patrick?" Patrick pushed Stella a little away from him so he could look her in the eye. "Yes, and there has been a stallion named Lord Archibald. He was known beyond the borders of Ireland as a particularly good jumper." Patrick's voice trembled with excitement. "That's all I've been able to find out. Duke Robert interrupted my conversation with the servant who told me all this." "Did Duke Robert realize what you were talking about, Patrick?" "I don't know. I don't care either. I'm just happy that I've taken another step forward, Stella." Patrick kissed her now with an exuberance he had rarely felt lately. "Do you see now that we must not leave this neighborhood?" "Who are you to be if you think you have ridden a horse from Windhome?" Stella found it hard to speak calmly. "Once you spoke of a Duke Brian. Do you remember that?" When Patrick nodded, Stella continued speaking. "The old duke on Windhome was named Brian. He passed away. And you kept talking about something happening when the wind blew particularly hard around the castle. That's what Gwendolin and little Emily said, too. Gwendolin warned me about it. Who are you, Patrick?" Suddenly Stella shook him by the shoulders. "Think." "I'm ... I'm ..." Patrick breathed heavily. "The name Lionel ... it worries me. But I'm still not getting anywhere. I don't know what to do with that name." Patrick stood up and stepped to the window. His shoulders slumped. Suddenly he looked sick and helpless again. "I can't remember, Stella, forgive me." Stella stepped to him and put her arms around his neck. "I pushed you. I shouldn't have. We must continue to be patient. Come, let's go to the river, down to the little church. In four weeks we will leave it as man and wife. Let us think of that." Stella and Patrick came back very late. They went straight to bed. When Patrick had fallen asleep, Stella crept once more into the living room. She took her mother's black pearl from the worn wallet and sewed it into Patrick's jacket. The pearl was supposed to protect Patrick. Every hour, especially when he was working at Windhome Manor. She wouldn't tell him, she didn't want him to know how worried she was about him.