 Matthew Drax, meanwhile, in Takeo's glider, experienced a nightmare he could not have imagined worse. Patrem had turned out to be an archivist, a person from a distant future, from the domain. In principle, this would have meant something good, because archivists usually came traveling through time and space to save endangered timelines. Not so in this case. Patrem had been pursuing plans of his own to bring a parallel Earth under his control. This had been thwarted when Parallel Rome had been moved to this post-apocalyptic world. From one moment to the next, Patrem had been only the master of Rome, without the world empire over which he had ruled before. But he wanted to regain his power. He had already taken over Matt Drax, thanks to an artifact from timeless space. Matt still would have liked to slap himself for so unthinkingly donning the browband that was supposed to identify him as a protégé of the Cesar. At the same moment his own will had been turned off. He now had to do what Patrem told him to do. But inwardly he fought it with all his might. "It's better to draw a clear line," the archivist said. Matt didn't know if he was talking to him or to himself. "The shadows of the past are lurking around every corner otherwise, especially when you least need it. Rome and the entire empire were a promising concept, but it can be replicated in this world. Perhaps even with better opportunities than ancient Earth offered. I'll just start from the beginning again. Practice makes perfect, as we all know, right?" Matt was glowing with anger inside. Draw a line in the sand? With Patrem, that meant destroying everything that could leave traces or reveal something about him. The archivist had rigged one of the artifacts he had used to seal the dimensional gate so that sooner or later it would destroy the entire anomaly and everything within a wide radius. The worst part was that Matt knew it, but couldn't do anything about it. He was squatting here in the glider, chauffeuring the archivist to Agartha, while tens of thousands of unsuspecting citizens were doomed in Rome. Among them were Aruula, Quart'ol, and Ydiel. And with each mile they moved away from the city, it became less likely that Matt would be able to make it back in time to warn them or even save them. But he was also concerned about what lay ahead. What would happen after they landed in Agartha? Would Patrem introduce himself as a friend and force him to confirm it? Would he try to sneakily gain the trust of the Agarthans - or use more of his BagBox miracle weapons to kill anyone who wouldn't submit to his will? Matt would never be able to forgive himself. But how much leeway did he have under the spell of the brow ring to sabotage that? Could he perhaps address Agarthans he knew by a false name to make them suspicious? Or somehow send out a call for help in some other way? He had to find out, and he had to find out before they landed in the Himalayan Mountains. First Matt tried a few undirected hand gestures. He realized that he couldn't change course or crash the glider because that would contradict the clear order to get Patrem to Agartha. But what about signals? Could he turn on warning lights? Use the radio equipment? He had to do something to at least warn the Agartha. And it had to be done soon. Because time was inexorably running out for Aruula and his friends. Matt looked intently at the control panel and commanded his hand to reach for the toggle switch for the glider's headlights. For a moment, something inside him seemed to weigh, then his body followed the command. Somewhat hesitantly, he flipped the switch. "What is this lever for?" the archivist asked suspiciously. "For the headlights," Matt explained truthfully. "In the mountains, weather conditions can change quickly and fog can roll in." The archivist fixed him with a probing gaze, his ragged mouth pinched shut. "I know what you're thinking. You're trying to trick me. But you won't succeed. So surrender to the situation. It will make your time all the more pleasant." "I've seen what you're capable of," Matt probed his limits in a different way, while trying to find out more about this man from the domain. "Why this body swap with Aticus, when you seemed to be able to control him completely?" The archivist put on a broad smile. "Do you think you could find such a weak point in me? Don't bother!" He was silent for a while, but then he continued to speak. Perhaps to break the monotony of the flight. "There's a difference between giving someone orders and hoping they'll carry them out without misunderstanding - and slipping into their body and doing it yourself," he said. "Aticus was just a temporary vehicle. I was on the verge of exchanging him for a robot with a positronic brain, in which I could have remained permanently." "Permanently?" echoed Matt. "There are limits to the effect of the body swapper. After three hours, the brain becomes permanently linked to the alien consciousness and cannot be detached from it. Then I would have been stuck in that swollen body forever." Matt understood. And now also understood the rush Patrem had made to Aticus' body. But that was of no use to him, because the archivist obviously had no intention of swapping bodies with him again. After all, it was much easier to be introduced to the Agarthans in person. It saved him the constant back and forth. Matt kept heading toward the Himalayan mountain range, which must soon come into view in the distance. Sure enough, fog hung between the mountain peaks. The summit and rocky ridge were covered with a thin layer of snow.