 When Paul von Bierow returned to Wallmenroth Castle a week later, everything had already happened. He had been sent to France by the prince to fetch the original documents of the patented cosmetics production and to draw up a balance sheet of the company, since the prince wanted to see the documents before the engagement. But when Paul von Bierow returned to the castle two days before the ceremony, the butler in the reception hall already looked sad, and it certainly had nothing to do with the prolonged rain. On Princess Leonie's instructions, the butler first led Paul von Bierow into the small salon. Here, the princess he adored stood in front of one of the high windows and stared stubbornly straight ahead into the dreary April weather, probably so as not to show Paul that she was crying. But a sob shook her body, and then forgetting that she was his boss's bride-to-be, he dropped the briefcase on the floor and stepped behind her. She turned her teary eyes to him. "Paul," she sobbed, "will you marry me?" He cringed, guessing who was behind the tears and this marriage proposal. "Oh dear, I think you're asking the wrong man." "No, Paul, I know exactly who I'm asking." He handed her his handkerchief. "I suppose your sister is the cause of your tears?" Leonie looked surprised. "How do you know?" "Because Alessandra is a scheming beast." Leonie heaved a sob. "I don't know if it was intrigue or if Julien just likes her better. Anyway, Alessandra told me earlier that Julien would only get engaged to me out of decency. In reality ... in reality he would be in love with her and ..." Again she cried groundlessly. Her grief tore at his heart. She seemed so frighteningly young and helpless. He would have loved to take her in his arms, but she was the almost-fiancée of the prince and he was an employee of the prince, albeit a well-paid one and ... besides, they had been friends since their student days in Paris. So he didn't hug Leonie and let her sob on with an aching heart. "And you believe that? That Alessandra is more to the prince's liking?" "Yes!" Challengingly, she sparkled at him. "In case you haven't noticed, my sister is an acknowledged beauty, while I ..." "But honored princess, you have charm, you have a warm heart! You have a wonderful innocence that is not found anywhere today. I, for one, find you much nicer than your sister." And more desirable, he added in his mind. Alessandra was as unerotic to him as a stockfish. Leonie continued to gaze unhappily out into the rain, which was pelting a fantastic bronze fountain outside. Modeled after fountain figures from Versailles, allegorical figures emerged from an oversized round bowl. Leonie stared at Mars, the god of war, about to rise from the water with his chariot and two fiery steeds. Paul followed her gaze and found that there was something melancholy about fountains in the rain. "Your sister may be a striking beauty, but you are lovely," he stated again in a warm voice. "You're the only one who thinks so. You know, basically I should have been smarter. Alessandra played such a trick on me once before. I was still in school, and Markus was a medical student. Of course, he was much too grown up for me, and now that I think about it, what did he want with me, the sixteen-year-old? It didn't take Alessandra two days to steal him away from me. Suddenly he was talking nonsense - what a real man expected from a real woman and so ..." She looked at him. "You understand?" "I understand!" She sighed. "I felt small, stupid and inferior. And how do you think I feel now?" "Not small, stupid, and inferior, surely?" "Yes, you do!" She tried to smile. "Was your trip to the south of France worthwhile?" "Not if in the meantime your world has collapsed here ... Tell me, have you any idea how your sister might have proceeded? She must have defamed you, after all. I know the vanity of the prince." "Defamed, how? I haven't done anything, have I?" "No other man?" Annoyed, Leonie shook her head. "Of course not, where would he suddenly come from? For me, there's only Julien." "And that old love?" "Markus? Yes, he suddenly showed up in the little town unexpectedly. He was passing through and really wanted to see me. He kissed me, too." Startled, she looked up. "But that was just out of old friendship, and because he didn't know I was about to get engaged." "And that kiss? Where did it take place? Perhaps in the square in front of the hotel where the prince is staying? And just happened to be looking out the window of his suite?" "Yes. But ... but it is impossible that this ridiculous coincidence should destroy my whole life!" "Coincidence? I think it was cleverly directed." "But Julien doesn't stand at the window all day!" "Well, as the prince told me on the telephone, your sister had the goodness to assist him with the translation of business mail. So she was with him in the suite almost every day." "Oh my ... Alessandra is the most beautiful woman I know. To have her around every day, what man could resist that?" Tears came to her eyes again. "Cheer up," Paul encouraged her and actually put his finger under her chin to look into her pretty eyes. As teary-eyed as she was, he still found the young princess adorable, a sign of how enmeshed he already was. "It can all be cleared up and set right," he said. "But I don't want anything cleared up and put right," she suddenly declared petulantly again. "If Julien fell for all those nasty tricks, then ..." She sobbed again. "Then he's not the man I want to marry. Besides, I'm tired of looking like a loser again! Is this going to go on forever in my life? I get engaged or I want to get married, and Alessandra interferes? No! You like me, Paul! Then help me in this unbearable situation: get engaged to me!" She looked at him almost pleadingly. "Today!" He stepped toward her. "But princess. I would do anything for you, but..." "Then kiss me now!" she cut off his declaration of love.