He just carried out the first practical experiment. It had already been proven that the serum sterilized fertilized eggs even afterwards. Now it only had to be proven whether the animals themselves also became infertile. For this reason, he had fed some of the serum, which turned into an extremely durable gas on contact with oxygen, into the enclosure a few hours ago. Actually, the animals themselves should not have minded, but that seemed to be exactly the case. Quite obviously, they had contracted the serum. Now Corman had pumped an antidote into the enclosure. It destroyed the molecular cohesion of the serum and caused it to break down again into its basic substances, which were harmless on their own. Again and again he looked at his watch and waited impatiently for this process to be completed. He still had no certain proof that the serum was harmless to humans, so he did not want to take any risks. When he could finally be sure that no residual serum was left inside the enclosure, he opened the airtight glass door with the push of a button. He stepped into the partitioned-off basement room, let the door slide shut again, and approached the small dinosaurs. Slowly he reached for the first of the apathetically lying animals. Only a moment too late did he realize how deceptive appearances could be with the devious little prehistoric beasts. As apathetic as the serum made them, it apparently also increased their aggressiveness as soon as they felt threatened. Although they had always been quite peaceful to him and had hardly moved in the last few hours, they now reacted with such lightning speed that Corman was taken completely by surprise. The head of one Compsognathus jerked around, and the animal snapped at him. Instinctively, Corman jerked his hand to the side, but the animal caught his right forearm just below the elbow. Even though the dinosaurs were not large, their mouths measured a good hand's length and were equipped with needle-sharp teeth that dug into his skin. Corman cried out. A hot pain jerked through his arm, and blood poured from the bite wound. He staggered back, but the other two animals had not been idle. One got between his legs and made him stumble. Desperately, Boris Corman tried to regain his balance, but he could not. He fell heavily to the ground and remained dazed.