Aticus took a step. His head ached. His mouth was dry. He felt his eyes begin to burn. He really needed his potion. So he took another step, and another, until eventually he reached the door and behind it the foot of the stairs. Even though Patrem had strictly forbidden anyone to come up without his permission, Aticus climbed step by step all the way up in front of the topmost tower room. He knocked. He called out. But no one opened. So the Cesar gathered all his courage and pressed the handle. The door was not locked, it swung open effortlessly. But what he found was an empty bedchamber. Aticus rushed, staggered, stumbled down the steps, one floor below to the laboratory room. This is where he would be. Here he had to wait for him. Behind this door, behind which Aticus had woken up so many times before. But the entrance was locked. The Cesar called for reinforcements, ran against the door, braced himself against it. Again and again, no matter how much pain it caused him, until the lock actually gave way. Aticus rushed in, whirled around, searched for Patrem in the back rooms among shelves full of glass flasks, bowls, crucibles. "Where is he!" he shouted at the half-finished robotic skeleton. As if in response, something hit him out of nowhere. A wave of energy that almost knocked him over. Was this still reality? Or was he once again caught in one of those strange dreams that the potion triggered? Some of the electric light fixtures in the room exploded. Sparks flew. Then silence fell. Aticus sank to the floor and held his head. Minutes passed, perhaps hours, during which Aticus listened only to his own restless breathing. Then another wave. He could feel it in his guts. How it penetrated everything and everyone. Even stronger this time. Like an invisible hand reaching into him, wanting to rip out his soul! "My Cesar!" someone called from the stairway. A guard came running into the room. "I heard you calling. Are you all right? Shall I fetch a medic?" Aticus nodded weakly. Then his consciousness slipped away.