Then, at the end of March, Countess Rosenberg, after feeling better for a few days, died quite suddenly. In the middle of the night she breathed her last sigh when she was alone with her old chambermaid. *** Now Rosemarie was suddenly released from all torments. But she now also looked again anxiously into the future. What would become of her, where would fate drive her? Frau von Schwarzburg had not heard from her during this time. Would she really be able to get her the position with her friend? Rosemarie was not a fighting nature. Her strength lay in endurance. She had endured so much that she was now afraid of having to act. But Frau von Schwarzburg had not forgotten her. Immediately after the funeral ceremonies, she pulled Rosemarie to her side and said warmly: "Now you have become free all at once, Fräulein Rosemarie, and I can recommend you to my friend with a clear conscience. I have already done so a little. My friend's visit has been delayed a bit, but I expect her already the day after tomorrow. I'll talk to her right away and let you know then." Rosemarie breathed a sigh of relief. "I am so very grateful to you, madam. Although my position with the Countess was often quite difficult, I had found a home in Alteichen. It was, since I left the boarding house, my first permanent home after a restless life of travel with my mother, and the thought of having to wander restlessly from place to place again now is terrible to me. If I had to move into the unknown, I would be very unhappy. That is why I am very grateful to you if you will use yourself for me." "I certainly will, and everything will be arranged as you wish. You will then come to a friendly, sociable environment. And who knows - you may make your fortune in my friend's house. You will come much in gentlemen's company, you will be admired, and perhaps you will marry favorably." Rosemarie smiled wearily. "I will not marry, madam. A poor girl had few prospects even before the war. Now after the war, when all living conditions have become so difficult, it is even more hopeless. I also want to be satisfied already if I find a good position." Frau von Schwarzburg looked smilingly into Rosemary's beautiful face. She had become almost more beautiful in the quiet life in Alteichen. Her fine features had become more soulful and more thoroughgoing, without losing their freshness. At the age of twenty-four, Rosemarie was a wonderful, enchanting creature, very capable of captivating a man. Of course, Frau von Schwarzburg had no idea of the gloomy experiences that lay behind Rosemarie. However, she did not want to limit herself to providing Rosemarie with a good position, but took it upon herself to talk to her relatives today, at the time of the division of the inheritance, about whether a sum from the Countess's estate could not be allocated to the young companion of the deceased. And she did indeed speak so forcefully and convincingly, calling to everyone's mind how much gratitude was owed to Rosemarie for her loyal service, that after much debate she succeeded in having ten thousand marks granted to Rosemarie. The feelings with which Rosemarie received this sum, which was high by her standards, cannot be described. A breathtaking joy rose in her. She thought of the little booklet from her mother's estate, thought above all of the fact that she could now pay Magnus Rittner back his money.