 When they reached their destination a short time later and sank down into the Mediterranean Sea, a murmur went through the glider. Matt was sweating blood and water. He was by no means certain that the glider's walls were still one hundred percent tight after the crash. While the instruments showed no alarming readings, he remained alarmed the entire time, ready to surface again at a moment's notice at the first water intrusion. But the glider hull held firm. Rymaris was a good five hundred meters deep at the bottom of the sea. Unlike Vernon, it consisted of a huge illuminated domed structure made of a semi-transparent bionetic material. The actual buildings were composed of various structures inside, many of which were connected by tunnel tubes. The glider responded a bit sluggishly to the controls underwater, but Matt, with the help of the hydritic pilots, managed to pass through the airlock gate unscathed and then touch down on the marked deck inside. The water level inside the chamber was already dropping. Matt remained seated while Quart'ol and Ydiel escorted the passengers out, doing the math. Twenty-five minutes had elapsed between flight, landing, and so far; barely thirty minutes remained before implosion. The takeoff and the walk back with the empty glider would take less time. Provided it turned out well, he had ten minutes at the end to carry out his plan. If he launched again immediately. No sooner had he made the decision than Aruula stood beside him and put her hand on his shoulder. "You want to go back to Rooma?" Had she read his mind? Matt nodded. "I can't just let all those people there die when there's still a way to save them." "Is there a way?" Matt made a vague hand gesture. "It's just an idea that came to me on the flight here. But if it works, it could save the city." "What do you have in mind?" asked Aruula. "If I manage to remove the time stopper from the gate, along with the damaged trilithium crystal, I could fly it out to sea, far enough away from the coast that it can't do any damage," Matt explained. Aruula raised her eyebrows. "And that works?" Matt gave a short, humorless laugh. "That's just the question. It's just as possible that detaching it from the gate will immediately trigger the cascade effect. But either way - I have to leave right away, or there won't be time." "Then I'll go with you," Aruula decided. "But - " "The clock is ticking, Maddrax." She sat down in the copilot's seat, buckled her seat belt, and closed the bulkhead. "What are you waiting for?" There was fierce determination in her gaze. He knew he couldn't change her mind. They either dared to do it together or not at all. In response, he started the drive and made radio contact with the hydritic control center. "I'm running an alarm launch! Flood the chamber and open the airlock door!" A minute later, they were on their way back to Rome.