 Matthew Drax had trouble keeping his composure. How could this be? Why had Agartha, of all people, been hit? Was there some obscure plan behind the anomalies? Were there connections they hadn't yet realized? And how were they to proceed if they couldn't find a way to reverse or at least stop these phenomena? The man from the past swallowed hard a few times before he got himself halfway back under control. Don't freak out now, he said to himself. Maybe, in return, there was a way to use all this to his advantage. After all, he had brought Patrem here without knowingly lying. He just had to manage to keep the archivist believing that everything was normal and the same as always. But the truth was that Matt had no idea what was down there instead of Agartha and its inhabitants. The on-board computer offered the usual assistance for landing. The plateau inside the crevasse ring was now directly in front of them and Matt could make out a few more details. The ground was apparently littered with holes. Huge tunnels that led diagonally into the earth. Did some kind of mountain people live there, perhaps? Matt was unsure if he really wanted to find out. But what choice did he have? The alternative was most likely to turn back or travel to the nearest power center in this world. And Matt wanted to avoid that by all means. So he made the best of it and went on the offensive, hoping that the brow ring wouldn't throw a wrench in his plans. "The people of Agartha have always been good at keeping a low profile," Matt chattered to himself as he searched the maze of holes for a halfway decent place to land. "They live, as I said, secluded in underground caverns and huge caves. Other access points are well camouflaged; I know only the airship port. But that doesn't seem to exist anymore - probably as a result of the catastrophes that struck Earth in the wake of the moon's approach." He tried to put on as genuine a grin as possible. At least his grimaces didn't seem to be controlled by the spell of the brow ring. As long as Patrem didn't ask him a specific question, Matt could continue to indulge in random digressions, if they just suited his level of knowledge. He considered flying a loop to get a better picture for himself. But that, on the other hand, meant losing valuable time that Aruula and the others didn't have. So he finally said in a firm voice, "Prepare to land. This could get a little bumpy." He navigated the glider across the potholed plain, throttled back the jet engine, then operated the landing flaps and finally brought the craft to a halfway safe stop on the reddish-brown ground. When the skids touched down, Matt involuntarily held his breath. But everything went smoothly. No flesh-hungry monsters appeared - but no Agarthans either. To be on the safe side, Matt consulted the on-board computer, but it didn't report any danger either. Nevertheless, the question remained, what exactly this barren stretch of land represented, which had been transferred by the anomaly from another world into this one. In the best case a piece of mountain plateau perforated perhaps by a meteorite hail. In the worst case, a launching pad for missiles or perhaps chimney shafts for radioactive gases produced by some underground machinery. Specifically, the possibilities of life-threatening variants seemed almost endless to Matt at that moment. He unlocked the escape hatch via the control panel and unbuckled his seat belt. "Ready to explore a new world?" he said as ambiguously as possible. Patrem continued to keep a suspicious eye on him. But apparently, for the time being, everything seemed conclusive enough for the archivist not to indulge in debunking questioning or to retreat immediately. On the way to the airlock, Matt feverishly considered how to proceed. He had to do something before it became obvious that they had landed in nowhere, that Agartha most likely no longer existed in this world. And he had to get rid of that damn brow ring somehow! Push him out of the ship! Smash his skull in!, his inner voice roared. But as much as Matthew Drax would have liked to listen to it, his remote will dictated otherwise. "The entrances to the tunnels all look the same, don't they?" said Matt at random, trying to get ahead of Patrem. "Indeed," the archivist replied, eyeing the wasteland with a wary gaze. "Where are the guards?" he asked, slipping something into the cape pocket he had taken from the BagBox earlier. "There's no visible surveillance technology," Matt continued his risky game. "The Agarthans may have retreated completely into the mountain range. To find out, we'd have to enter one of these tunnels." The openings were indeed large enough for several people to walk side by side. At the same time, as far as could be seen, they led into the earth at a passable angle instead of dropping steeply. "Shall we?" asked Matt. But basically he was anything but sure he really wanted to go down into that darkness. For one thing was clear: by chance these entrances had certainly not appeared in such numbers. In the meantime, he had also rejected the meteorite theory; the shafts were too smooth for that. As if they had been artificially created. The archivist seemed to come to the same conclusion. "Someone must have drilled the tunnels," he said. "The fact that they are open I consider an invitation that we should follow." He looked around carefully again, glanced over at the glider, then at Matt, and finally nodded. "You go ahead. Don't make too hasty a move. And when we meet the first Agarthans, you demand to speak to their king. For your sake, I hope you're actually good friends with this Yönten Wangmo." With that, it was sealed. Matthew Drax would descend into the unknown, whether he wanted to or not.