Marissa squeezed Theo's hand briefly as they walked through the front yard of his childhood home, from which he had been banished. She sensed how nervous he was. Gratefully, he returned her handshake. The front door was only ajar, for their coming had already been noticed. They entered the hallway and put down their things. Carsten went first into the living room, where his parents were sitting. "Good evening," he greeted them, "We brought someone with us." "Oh?" Ellen rose from the sofa, and Norbert, who was sitting in the armchair reading the newspaper, also turned his head. "Theo!" then came stunned from Ellen, while Norbert's face became a dismissive mask. "Good evening, mother. Good evening, Father," Theo said in a voice raw with emotion. "What the hell ..." his father growled, but was interrupted by Carsten. "Marissa was the only one of us who made the effort to look for Theo after we all failed to qualify as stem cell donors for Lilly," he explained. "He turned out to be the ideal donor, as the tests showed. Everything has already been set in motion at Elisabeth Hospital for the transplant." "My God!" Ellen briefly pressed her hand over her mouth. "Is that really true?" "It's true," Theo confirmed. "Tomorrow I will be admitted as an inpatient, and in two days Lilly can have my stem cells transplanted." Carsten noticed that his father's expression was no longer quite so dismissive. There was also a glad expression in his eyes now. "If you can actually help Lilly, we will forgive you too," Norbert said hoarsely. Theo took a step forward. "You put that wrong, Father," he replied calmly. "There is nothing you need forgive me for, for I have done nothing wrong. My only 'offense' was that I loved a woman I wanted to pull out of the drug swamp. I never got involved in it myself." Forcefully, Theo looked from his father to his mother and back again. "Your offense is far more serious. You have disowned me as if I were no longer your son, but some runaway boy with whom you want nothing to do. I am the one who should forgive you, and I am happy to do so." For a moment, there was silence in the room. Marissa gave Theo an applauding look. He had chosen the right words. His mother seemed touched by it, too. "Oh, boy," she said, and sighed. Ellen's eyes had become moist, and Norbert's Adam's apple could be clearly seen bouncing as well. "Let's let bygones be bygones," he pressed out. "Why don't you sit down?" Ellen pointed to the seating area. "Let's open a bottle of wine to celebrate." Marissa pushed Theo forward. "Carsten and I were actually going to stretch our feet a bit," she said, smiling at the group. "Go ahead and open that bottle of wine. We won't be staying long." With that, she took Carsten by the hand and pulled him into the hallway, where they took their jackets off the hook again. Of course Carsten knew what Marissa was trying to do. She wanted to give Theo and the parents a chance to talk things out on their own first. "My little diplomat," he said, kissing her affectionately on the tip of her nose. Then he helped Marissa into the warm down jacket before putting on his.