Griseldis did not see Count Harro and Beate again until she came to the lunch table with Gilda. Beate seemed particularly lively and communicative, which she usually never was. She joked about her nervousness and also forced herself to be friendlier than usual to Griseldis. But Griseldis remained polite and measured. Harro found it only pleasant that his cousin was a little friendlier; he told himself that he was probably doing Beate an injustice with his dislike. When Griseldis wanted to go up to the table with Gilda to put her to rest, Harro said to her: "Please come to my study, Fräulein von Ronach, when you have put Gilda down. I would like to present you with the lesson plan for my daughter today, so that after the feast the lessons can begin." Harro was standing at his desk when Griseldis entered, and she saw that the sharp tinge of pain in his countenance stood out particularly incisively. "Please, take a seat, Fräulein von Ronach. I must take up a little of your time; it is very important to me that I make myself understood to you, so that you may comprehend my wishes in regard to my daughter's educational plan." He took a piece of paper with notes from his desk and discussed with her exactly the curriculum for his daughter. When he finished, he said, putting the note down again, "So that's what I thought. Are you now oriented?" "Completely, Count, and you may rest assured that I will strictly follow your instructions." He looked at her with a smile. "You said to me the first day you were here, 'With love you can accomplish anything.' I liked that very much. You must have tried it out on yourself?" As he asked this, he thought to himself if this beautiful girl had already given her heart to a man. Griseldis remained quite impartial. "Perhaps! In any case, I know that my parents achieved everything with me with love and kindness, and that precisely the best teacher is love. I attended good schools, of course. I have not been able to acquire the school knowledge on my own. I also studied my teachers and learned from them how to educate children and how not to educate them. Thus I have gathered my little wisdom of life, if I can speak of it at my twenty-two years, everywhere." "I wish very much that you would let my daughter also profit from this hard-won young wisdom of life. She will - I must also mention this here once - when she is first grown up, have no easy stand, no easy fate - unless a miracle happens." Griseldis felt what he was alluding to, and looking at him firmly and calmly, she said confidently, "Such a miracle can happen every day." "Do you know, then, what miracle I beg of fate?" "Yes - a miracle that will bring your innocence to light," she said firmly. He winced and placed his hands on the arms of his chair with a hard grip. Then he leaned forward and looked into her eyes. "My innocence? Do you know then if I am innocent?" "Forgive me if I, who am a stranger to you, speak to you in this way. You ask me if I know that you are innocent. Well then, yes, I do know it - otherwise I would not be in your house. If I had had to bring a doubt, I could not have been the right governess for your child. I want to do all I can to teach Gilda to despise the blind, evil chance that has brought such great suffering upon her father." "Where did your belief in my innocence come from?" he groaned hoarsely. Griseldis blushed, but she calmly held his gaze. "Mother Anna talked to me about everything during that sorrowful time when you were in custody. And she firmly believed in your innocence. I also saw your picture at Mother Anna's - and I told myself that from that picture did not look the eyes of a cowardly assassin. And now that I know you, it seems incomprehensible to me that anyone could doubt your innocence for a moment." Silence remained between the two people for a while. They were both fighting down a deep agitation. Count Harro's eyes lingered on Griseldis' face with an expression as if she had given him notice of peace, peace for his soul. Slowly he stroked his forehead with his hand and said in a subdued voice: "God reward you for what you have just done to me, Fräulein von Ronach. You cannot imagine what a blessing it is for an ostracized man when someone says to him: 'I believe in you. The burden on my soul has become a little lighter - I thank you. May I extend my hand to you? I have not dared to do so until now, because I did not know whether you would grasp this hand without shuddering. Now I dare to ask it of you." She might have sung and rejoiced because he said, "The burden on my soul has become a little lighter." She quickly placed her hand in his, not content to let it rest in it conventionally, but she returned the warm pressure of his fingers as if to show him quite clearly that she did not shrink back from it. "There is one more request I would like to make of you. May I?" asked Count Harro. She had risen, and he stood up. And as the chairs moved, Beate, who had been listening in the next room at the door behind the porter, fled. She had heard only fragments of the conversation, because she had not ventured closer to the open door that led into the study. So she had mainly only heard the lesson plan being discussed. But she had heard that the tone of Harro's voice was getting warmer. And that filled her with insane jealousy. Meanwhile Griseldis said, "Please make this request, Count. I wish that I can fulfill it for you." "You can, if you wish. I beg you to allow me to speak to you of my grief at times. With no one would I find so much understanding as with you. And you have taught me today that it can be a boon to talk about it." "I am happy to fulfill this request with all my heart, Count. I am proud of your confidence. And I don't need to assure you that you will always find understanding participation for your grief with me."