 Full of anticipation, Leonie strolled along the Jungfernstieg and then turned into the old town of Hamburg. Here, in one of the winding alleys, should be the antiquarian bookshop Scholz & Söhne. Dr. Langen, the old man who wanted to sell his carpets under the table, had given Leonie the idea of how she could come up with a unique gift for Paul. Just as there were antiquarian bookshops for books, there were antiquarian bookshops for paintings, where one could buy and even have research done on certain paintings. Grandfather von Bierow had not only painted for the walls of his own house, but also sold pictures. Among them was one that Paul had particularly liked - the house in the Lüneburg Heath, in the garden a family table with a white tablecloth and ten family members. The boy playing with the dog in the picture on the front right was supposed to have been Paul. The thought that this picture might have been back on the market as a result of a household liquidation had occupied Leonie for a long time. Through Dr. Langen, she had contacted Scholz & Söhne, who were searching for her throughout Germany. Yesterday she had received the news that three paintings by Rasmus von Bierow had turned up in Bremen, including "House with Family Table". Rasmus von Bierow had not increased in price even after his death. The small paintings cost two hundred and fifty euros, the large ones five hundred. The painting "House with Family Panel" would be delivered on Friday. Today was Friday. With her heart pounding with joy, Leonie turned down a narrow alley and soon stood in front of a towel-slim house that looked like a stopgap. Leonie entered the lower salesroom. It was very high, not twenty square feet, had a worn parquet floor and a spiral staircase to the upper floor. Except for the floor and two narrow windows facing the street, every millimeter of space was plastered with pictures - even on the ceiling there were two enormous naturalistic hams - a naked beauty by a lily pond and a Siegfried fighting the dragon. If it smelled like yellowed paper in antiquarian bookstores, it smelled like dry dust here. In any case, it was stuffy enough. Without a bell ringing, a male of about seventy stepped out from behind a curtain and introduced himself as "Scholz Junior." He rubbed his hands together in delight and immediately got down to business. "You came for the Bierow picture, didn't you? I had all three of them sent to me from Bremen right away.Perhaps you would like to have them, too. Follow me, please." Busily, the man scurried up the narrow iron spiral staircase, and Leonie followed him, somewhat confused. The upper room differed from the lower one because a lone kitchen chair stood on the empty parquet floor for quiet contemplation. Scholz Jr. disappeared behind the very same curtain, and a minute later Leonie held in her hand the picture Paul must have meant. It was the house in the Lüneburg Heath! The birch trees were still much smaller. Between the trees, the grandfather had lovingly painted a long table with plates, cups, coffee pots and cakes. Ten people sat around the table, and in the front right corner a boy was playing with a dog. Leonie hugged the picture to her chest. For the first time in her life, a gift had involved effort and therefore seemed all the more precious to her. In the past, she or the prince had pointed to something and pulled out the credit card. Or one had an idea, made a phone call, and the chauffeur picked up the gift. But this one, she had thought up herself, worked for the money, and searched for the gift and found it herself. It had already grown on her. "Do you collect all the painter's works?" the man asked. Leonie smiled, thinking of the paintings in the Heidehaus. "We don't collect them, they collect us." "How ... how may I understand that." "I would like to have this one," Leonie explained. "May I wrap the painting for you?" asked Scholz Jr. as he took the small painting from Leonie. "I'll be right back. You can look around a bit in the meantime." He pointed to the ceiling. "Those are historical paintings from the time of the French Revolution, and there - there are still lifes. They're coming back into fashion right now." He disappeared behind his curtain.