"Hell, can you explain to me what that means?" rumbled Professor Schneider, bringing his fist down heavily on the desk top. Betty Sanders and Michael Atkinson had been arrested and led out of his office. "Are you out of your mind, dealing with my guests like this?" "Careful, Schneider, you'd better watch what you say, too. Your position is not sacrosanct, and your insubordination has long been a thorn in my side. It seems to me that you often forget that this is still a military project. You may be a capable scientist, but that's about it. The high command here is mine, and I forbid you to meddle in my affairs. Was that clear enough?" "Completely," Schneider confirmed dryly. "I'm getting really scared." He stood up, propped his hands on the desk, and leaned forward. "And now I'm going to tell you something. I don't give a damn how many stars you wear on your uniform. If my alleged truculence gets on your nerves, conversely, your pomposity has done so for a long time, and I'm not going to let you shut me up." Pounder's face flushed red. It was unmistakable that he could control himself only with difficulty. "Schneider, I'm warning you. Don't push it, or you can join your friends in a nice holding cell!" "Even you aren't that stupid." Schneider reached for his cigarettes and lit one. Demonstratively, he blew the smoke in Pounder's direction. "I'm not one of your bootlickers to whom you can give orders, I'm a civilian employee on this project, and in theory I can resign at any time. You know as well as I do that you'd be sawing off the branch you're sitting on yourself if you took action against me, because then there'd be an investigation, and you can be sure I wouldn't mince words about it. So stop throwing around empty threats and let's talk like reasonable people." "All right." Pounder took a deep breath. "Then I'd like to know from you what you were thinking in passing classified information to outsiders." "We've cleared that up, haven't we? You agreed to let me release everything related to DINO-LAND to the public except for the original purpose of Project Laurin." "That was before we got the horn plate." "And what has changed so fundamentally since then? After all, Atkinson found it. If he hadn't come to me with it voluntarily, we wouldn't even know about it. So, of course, it's tremendously clever to lock him up in gratitude." "But don't you realize what this message means?" Pounder removed his uniform cap and stroked his hand over his bald head, which was framed only by a sparse fringe of blond hair. Without the cap, his head looked so bullet-shaped that Schneider felt involuntarily reminded of a bowling ball. "We're lucky he came to us, and I'll do everything I can to prevent any information about this from leaking out. If it is certain that the victims of the timequakes have survived the change, it will give us unimagined possibilities, including military ones. For example, we can send atomic bombs into the past and station them in places that become militarily important in the present time. That is an instrument of power beyond compare. Now do you understand why the finding of this message directly affects our national security?" Schneider eyed his counterpart silently for a few seconds. "You're really serious about this, aren't you?" "Of course! Even a civilian like you should be able to see the unimagined possibilities that are opening up for us here." Again, Professor Schneider was silent for a few seconds and just stared at the general silently. Then he stubbed out his cigarette and shook his head bitterly. "You're sick," he muttered. "I forbid ..." "Only a completely megalomaniac military bureaucrat could really come up with such an idea," the professor continued, unperturbed. "And beyond that, it wouldn't work either, as I can assure you as a physicist. How durable do you think an atomic bomb is? Even the hardest metal would rot after a few thousand years, and even if it were tens of thousands of years, it wouldn't change anything. After all, we are talking about well over a hundred million years. So put that idea out of your mind." "It will be possible to find a way," Pounder insisted. "In any case, we now know that we have the concrete possibility of traveling back in time. A first breakthrough has been made, and perhaps soon it will be possible to make specific trips to specific eras. Instead of developing an invisibility screen, as was the original goal of Project Laurin, you have taken a first step toward constructing a time machine! If that's not a state secret, I don't know what is." His eyes shone with excitement, like that of a child just beginning to unwrap his presents under the Christmas tree. He had gotten so wrapped up in his daydreaming that he even ignored Schneider's disrespectful charges, had probably already forgotten them. Even more clearly than his words, this showed how convinced he was of what he was saying. For Professor Schneider, on the other hand, it was a nightmare vision. The project he had originally headed had, in his eyes, failed as thoroughly as it could. It had led to disaster, and it was of little consolation to him that he and his collaborators were only partly to blame. They had been working on a kind of cloak of invisibility, a field that made everything hiding underneath it invisible to the environment.