A little later, the duke sent for Patrick. Shaking his head, he looked at him. "Patrick, I don't understand you. At twenty-four, a man ought to be able to tell when a woman is going into hysterics." "What do you mean, Father?" asked Patrick, concerned. "Kathleen was putting on a comedy act for you. She was probably trying to make herself interesting. There is such a thing. She probably intended to teach you how desirable she is to other men, too, so she made up the fairy tale about being molested." "How can you insult Kathleen like that, Father?" roared Patrick. "There's hardly a more sensible girl than she. Besides, she has no need to put such humbug on me. She knows that I love her. Nor is she in such bad taste that she would invent such a sordid thing." "Well, she did. Patrick. I'm sorry to have to say this. Robert couldn't have assaulted her at all. After all, he has an alibi for that time. It's true that he left the castle shortly after Kathleen did, but to drive away. The staff knew that, too." "Don't you think there was time enough for him to rob Kathleen before he left, Father?" Patrick's voice sounded mocking now, and he looked pityingly at his father. "You are, of course, ready at once to believe anything that exonerates Robert." "It's not like that. But Robert had no more time to go to the river. The chauffeur was waiting with the car down by the path. Robert got in immediately. The chauffeur is a witness to that." Patrick smiled bitterly. "A chauffeur hired by your wife, devoted to her. No, that man is not a credible witness for me. Also, why would the chauffeur have been waiting for Robert down the road and not in front of the castle?" "He was returning from a trip and was running late. Robert was already waiting for him impatiently here in the castle. Let's not talk any more about this matter, Patrick. Don't tell Kathleen I know her fairy tale, I don't want to embarrass her. I think this is a matter for you to work out with each other. Yes, girls who study are sometimes quite exalted." Once again Patrick wanted to defend Kathleen, but then he gave up on it. Today, once again, Robert's mother was the victor. Only she could have come up with this version to clear her son. Not a word did Patrick tell Kathleen what she was accused of.