At that moment the door was opened and one of the nurses came into the sickroom. She carried a vase with a pretty bouquet. "The flowers have just been delivered for you, Mrs. Werding," she said, setting the vase down on the bedside table. "Oh." Immediately, the dark curly-haired man in the leather hat came back to Lorena's mind. "Thank you so much. Do you know who dropped it off?" "There's a little card with it," the nurse explained before walking back out. Lorena reached out for the little card, but the movement caused her hellish pain. She could neither turn around nor straighten up. Tears rolled down her face in pain and anger at her helplessness. Violently, she pressed the bell button on her bedspread. The same nurse appeared again. Beate was her name, as Lorena could read from her name tag. "Would you please give me the card that's with the flowers," she asked, slightly frustrated. "It hurts too much when I reach for it." "You're not supposed to. I'm sorry I didn't think of it myself, Mrs. Werding. But there's so much going on in our ward today, I don't know where my head is." "No problem. You don't need to apologize," Lorena replied in a much friendlier tone. Sister Beate detached the little card from the bouquet and handed it to her. Then she left again. I am infinitely sorry that I hit you, but it was not my fault, it said in big sweeping letters. I hope the pain is bearable. If I may, I would like to inquire about your condition personally. With best wishes - Theo Phillips. Smiling, Lorena lowered the card. So Theo was his name. And she would see him again, because he was coming to visit her! Certainly not today, because it was already late, but tomorrow she could probably count on him. And she found that she was looking forward to his visit. Otherwise, she really wasn't looking forward to the next few days. Lorena thought about what else she had wanted to do tonight. And tomorrow morning, before she would have gone to the puppet show. Oh, it was simply exasperating that she had ended up in the hospital instead! The pain was also getting worse again now. Should she ring for the nurse again?