 While Alessandra and Julien immersed themselves in the world of the jet set for their honeymoon and helped inaugurate the new palace of one of the richest men in the world in Marbella, and then sailed to Martinique on a sheik's private yacht - Leonie and Paul spent their honeymoon in a cozy thatched house in the middle of the Lüneburg Heath. The house belonged to the small estate of the Counts of Bierow and was used as a vacation domicile and sometimes as a retirement home. The house included a housekeeper who lived in the neighboring village and looked after the house when it was wanted. The last permanent resident here had been Paul's grandfather, who in his old days had become a heather painter. His works, landscapes lovingly painted in oil, decorated the walls. Resolutely, Paul had reduced the picture splendor and asked Leonie whether she would be able to breathe at all after her castle existence in these modest rooms. The thought of bringing his young wife here first had suddenly occurred to him. It was important to him to show Leonie his world. After his father and mother had been present at the wedding, Leonie should now also get to know Uncle Ludwig, a man who lived by his own free will in a shepherd's wagon and was one of the last shepherds on the heath. Leonie should know all this, because he valued his family up to this shepherd just as she valued her ancestors. Because Paul knew one thing: his pride would not tolerate a discussion or an argument about how highborn she was and where he came from. Of course, Leonie should have had this introduction to his family before marriage. But Leonie had given the impression before the wedding that she was in a kind of will-o'-the-wisp stupor. Except for one point in which she had been remarkably stubborn: she had wanted to marry so as not to be considered the jilted princess in the family. Alessandra and Julien had proposed that they spend their honeymoon together. They would first go to Paris, then to Marbella and later across the Atlantic. Julien would have particularly liked that, because as a double wedding couple they would probably have gotten even more publicity. And Leonie, the meek one, was almost persuaded by Alessandra, but Paul had objected. He didn't want to see his wife in tow with her beautiful sister. Nor should Leonie bump into Julien at breakfast in the morning and at parties in the evening. This wound, which he suspected was still smoldering, had to close first.