When Rosemarie had eaten her breakfast, she had herself reported to Countess Rosenberg. She was immediately let in. The Countess was sitting in an armchair by the window, dressed in a comfortable morning dress and looking glum. The post office had again not brought her an offer, not a single companion had responded to her repeated advertisements. When Rosemarie now entered, she regarded her through her lorgnon and returned her greeting not very kindly. "I expected you yesterday, Fräulein von Salten," she said reprovingly, pointing to an armchair. Rosemarie took a seat. "I beg your pardon for keeping you waiting, Countess, but I was in such a desperate mood yesterday that I could not inconvenience you with it." The Countess seemed somewhat mollified by these words, but said more honestly than politely, "You look miserable, though." Rosemary's lips twitched. "I haven't slept all night from excitement. I saw from my mother's notes that my mother had got into a very bad situation after my father's death. Probably to cover it up - and to avoid being pitied, she wore this fake jewelry." This came hesitantly from her lips. She could not and would not reveal the whole terrible truth to the Countess. The countess nodded. "I thought something like that, for you it is very bad. I suppose you have no means of subsistence left now?" "No, I have nothing but my and my mother's wardrobe - and these worthless imitations. In cash I have two hundred and thirty marks. From this I have had to pay my pension for two days. I have to sell the imitations, of course, and perhaps I can still get a few hundred marks from trifles. That is all. It won't keep me afloat for long. And so it has become clear to me that in the future I must see how to earn my bread. Above all, I must leave this expensive boarding house as soon as possible. And then I have to try to get some kind of job. I wanted to take the liberty, Countess, to ask you if you could help me to find a position. You would oblige me to great gratitude if you would recommend me to your acquaintances. I, unfortunately, do not possess any credentials or recommendations, and I believe it is very difficult to obtain a position without such." "Hmm! It is difficult, though. What can you possibly do?" Rosemarie pondered. "I have had the usual education in a good Geneva boarding house, speak perfect French and English, play the piano fluently, and sing passably. For the rest, I have a deft hand at modernizing dresses and hats. My handwriting and style are good. I could also act as a travel companion with my practical experience while traveling." While Rosemarie enumerated this in a quivering voice, she first realized that she basically possessed quite little positive knowledge. The countess shrugged her shoulders. "What you are citing is much and yet little. At best, you can hold the position of a companion with it. As a travel companion, you are still a little too young - that would only be possible in the company of an older lady. And since I myself am looking for a companion at the moment, who can of course accompany me on my travels, I would perhaps be willing to make an attempt with you. However, you would have to agree to take care of me when I am ill. And besides - I am always without a chambermaid when I travel. Such people are often a nuisance and add unnecessarily to the cost of travel. My companions have always assisted me with the toilet while I am traveling. You would have to do the same. Then at home I have my old chambermaid to wait on me and nurse me when I am ill. How do you feel about that?" Rosemarie was inwardly startled. At first, it was an uncomfortable thought for her to always live near this ugly, unsympathetic woman, to even have to provide her with chambermaid services and to nurse her when she was sick. A feeling of horror seized her when she thought of such a life. Until now, she had chosen her intercourse, had only been with people who suited her. Now she was to be forced to spend day after day, hour after hour, in the company of this ugly and unamiable woman. Already a quick word of refusal wanted to force itself on her lips. But she pressed her mouth together. No, she could not be choosy. She had to accept what the countess offered her. After all, it was a great deal that the old lady wanted to engage her, after the embarrassing affair with the fake jewelry. After all, she could have become suspicious of her, for she had no way of knowing that she had been completely clueless. After all, it was a vote of confidence that she offered her this position, even though she herself was embarrassed to have a companion. Rosemary's hesitation was therefore very brief. Then she said resolutely, "I don't need to tell you, Countess, that I must consider myself fortunate to find an engagement so quickly. If you will make the attempt with me, I am ready to accept the position. I shall endeavor to obtain your satisfaction." There was a flash of satisfaction in the Countess's piercing eyes. "Good, good! We shall see if you are in earnest. I cannot pay you a large salary, of course, but you will be given free station. Since I will engage you at once, you will not have to live on your money for long. You can save what you get from the sale as a nest egg." Rosemarie exhaled deeply. She was, of course, very fond of that. And she told the countess so. The old lady was glad to get such a modest companion. She named a salary, however, more than modest. "I live most of the year at Alteichen Castle in Thuringia, where I'm sure you will like it very much," the Countess continued. "But for a few months each year I go on a journey, and there you must accompany me. I take it for granted that you will not be unnecessarily fastidious and will settle into your dependent position with the necessary tact." Rosemarie bowed. "I hope to be able to satisfy you in all things, Countess, and I agree to everything." "Good, so both me and you are helped. I have a new companion and you have a position. Today I still give you leave to put your affairs in order. Tomorrow you will take up your position, and the day after tomorrow we will leave Genoa and travel first to Switzerland, where I intend to stay for a few weeks. At the beginning of June we will then go to Partenkirchen, where I will meet up with a friend; there we will also stay for a few weeks until we return to my estate. I am telling you this so that you can follow it in packing your things. What you don't need, let it go to Alteichen right away by freight." "I will take care of everything according to your wishes, Countess."