Rosemarie went to her room and let the handbag with the jewelry slide onto an armchair. She herself sank into another one and looked ahead with burning eyes. For a long time she sat in dull despair, trying to get a clear thought. She couldn't. At last she rose, put down her hat and purse, and took the casket out of her handbag. She let the jewelry slide through her fingers. And her thoughts flew back to the past. How brilliant her mother had always looked when she went out in the evening in grand toilette, dressed in her jewelry, in company! How often had that jewelry been admired! The mother must have known that the jewelry was not real! The thought tormented her the most. Sobbing, she put the casket back into the large cane-plate case. And there she saw the two books lying there that she had taken out earlier. She picked them up and opened the stronger book. And she saw now that it was a diary of her mother. Indecisively she looked down at it. Was she allowed to read in this book? Hesitantly she leafed through it. And there her eyes remained fixed on the following words: In this book I want to write everything that I experience and suffer. One day my daughter shall read from these lines that only the concern for her future has driven me to do everything I have to do in order not to have to live in want with her. With trembling knees she sank into an armchair and began to read. But her heart did not lighten as she read. With wide, frightened eyes, she stared down at the words her mother had written down. She now realized with horror what a life of appearances her mother had led since her father's death, how she had been pushed onto a slippery slope by her bleak situation. Rosemarie's heart ached for her mother's suffering, and the blush of shame rose to her face again and again when she read the ways in which her mother had repeatedly procured money. Trembling with excitement, Rosemarie read on and on. And her heart grew heavier and heavier. She could have cried out in fear and distress and felt covered with shame because she had eked out her life with money borrowed under false pretenses. Finally she came to the last pages of the book, to the passage her mother had written down the night she had become engaged to Fred Rittner. A groan erupted from her chest. With burning eyes she read on - until she learned why Magnus Rittner had not given his consent to his brother's engagement to her. So that was why Fred Rittner had so ruthlessly broken off relations with her! One does not make trouble with the daughter of an adventuress. Hot, bitter shame rose in her and tormented her to despair. She threw her arms over the table with a blowing sound and buried her face in them. Oh, how right Magnus Rittner had been to detach his brother from her, and how right Fred Rittner had been to give her up! The daughter of an adventuress did not belong in an honest house! She was an outcast, an outcast, and had not even known it. And how wrong she had done Magnus Rittner in her thoughts when she believed that he had separated her from his brother because she was poor! No, that was not why this man would have rejected her. He did it because the honor of his house demanded it. For a long time she sat like that, a prey to despair, unable to stir or resist the pains that tore at her heart. She was crushed by the opening that had hit her so unexpectedly.