A short time later, they were sitting across from Dr. Gellert at her desk. Her expression was also very serious as she leafed through a folder of documents. "We now have all the test results," she began. "The antibody test has shown that your daughter does indeed have an immune deficiency, a so-called autoimmune neutrophy. This means that Lilly's white blood cell count is drastically reduced. So that you can get an idea: In a healthy person, the number of neutrophilic granulocytes in the blood, which are part of the immune system and important for fighting off infections, is about two thousand to eight thousand cells per microliter. Your daughter was found to have fewer than five hundred, which means she has a particularly severe form of neutropenia." "My God!" Marissa had gone pale. Seeking help, she looked at Carsten, but he was just propping his face in his hands. Now he raised his head again. "And what must be done to make Lilly well again?" he asked in a raspy voice. "We must do everything to increase the number of granulocytes. First, we will use growth factors to stimulate the granulocyte colonies. We also need to take care of optimal hygienic care. It may be necessary for us to place Lilly in an isolation tent for a while. If the neutropenia progresses to leukemia, which is a distinct possibility, chemotherapy will be unavoidable." "Cancer?" Marissa cried out loud. "Surely that's not possible! Lilly can't suddenly be so sick." "She's not an isolated case, unfortunately," Dr. Gellert said sympathetically. "Many doctors just treat the symptoms without giving much thought to the real causes." "Like our family doctor!" groaned Marissa. "If only I'd taken Lilly to Dr. Bergen, the ER doctor's husband. But by then it probably would have been too late anyway." "Dr. Bergen has already looked at Lilly. He's an attending physician in our pediatric ward. A very capable and well-liked pediatrician. I would suggest transferring to him when Lilly is back home." "How long will she have to stay here?" inquired Carsten. "It's Christmas in a couple of weeks," Marissa murmured through her tears. Doris Gellert raised her hands and lowered them again. "It's really hard to say. First we have to treat Lilly's pneumonia. And the festering pustules on her chest." "Pustules?" Boiling hot, Marissa remembered the strange pustule she had wanted to take a closer look at yesterday morning. But then, in the rush, she had forgotten. "A rash like that is normal in children with neutropenia," the attending said. "Didn't you notice the pustules?" "I did, but only one," Marissa replied. "I meant to take a closer look at them yesterday morning, but forgot in the rush. And later ..." She swallowed and broke off. "We're going to start her on intravenous therapy with antibiotics to fight the pneumonia and also keep her neutropenia in check," Dr. Gellert explained. "In a few days, we'll see if we can start transfusing granulocytes." Marissa sighed deeply. She had huge fears for Lilly, but at the same time a reassuring feeling that the little girl was in the best hands with Dr. Gellert.