The next day, Stella was jubilantly greeted by Emily. The little girl was already standing at the gate to the castle. Old Castellan Graham leaned out of the window of his tower apartment and laughed. "That little impatience," he said. "She would have loved to run down to the river early in the morning." Emily snuggled up to Stella. "When I was so afraid you wouldn't come at all." Stella looked at the child affectedly. Had Emily sensed that Patrick didn't like her going to the castle? Out of her guilty conscience, she asked, "Why shouldn't I come anymore?" "Grandmother and Father kept talking about you and the shepherd last night. I don't think father likes the shepherd. And you belong to him, after all." Stella had to think again of the meeting between Patrick and Duke Robert in Tralee. The two men had faced each other like enemies. And Duke Robert's eyes had been full of hatred. With these thoughts, she walked into the castle today even more excited than usual. She wished she did not have to see Duke Robert. This wish was granted to her. But she had to stay with Emily for a longer time with Duchess Alice. And she was remarkably kind to her. Today she asked even more thorough questions about Stella's origins, but it was all too clear that she was using them to cover up her detailed inquiries about Patrick. Where he came from, how old he was, and whether he had always been just a shepherd, she wanted to know. Stella was not ready to confide Patrick's fate to the Duchess today either. As she gradually became embarrassed, she said in her frank way, "Why are you so interested in the fate of my future husband?" "Don't you sometimes forget that you are a paid employee here at Windhome, Miss Douglas? You will still have to allow me to inquire about the man with whom Lady Emily's governess lives." "I have answered all your questions as I think proper, Duchess." Stella reached for Emily's hand. "It's time for Emily to come to the park. She's had to wait two days to have company again," Stella said somewhat reproachfully. "Are you trying to tell me what to do for the child when you have the day off? I thought it right for Emily to stay in the room. By the way, I don't wish you to tell the child to-day about how much you turned out at Tralee, Miss Douglas. I would have forbidden you this frippery of getting yourself elected Rose of Tralee." Stella was already at the door with Emily. Her face reddened. "No one can order me what to do or not do on my days off. It was not my intention to be elected Rose of Tralee. And if you call an old world-famous custom of your homeland frippery, Duchess, then for once your son seems to disagree with you. After all, he did participate in the feast." Stella quickly left the room with Emily.