When the door had closed behind father and daughter, Patrick asked, "Why did you promise, Stella?" "Why shouldn't I have?" Stella was agitated. "I don't understand so many things, anyway. You're acting very strangely toward the Duke. I don't like him either, but we shouldn't start a quarrel or we won't be able to live here in peace." She remembered Gwendolin's warning. Patrick didn't know about it yet. And he was not to know about it for the time being. Patrick let himself sink back onto his bed and closed his eyes. "I can't yet fathom why I'm behaving this way toward the duke." Suddenly he spoke of something else. "If I only knew who attacked me, who tried to kill me." He looked at Stella. "They tried to kill me, I'm sure of it." Stella sat down with him. She grabbed his hands and pressed them to her cheek. "Please, don't get upset, Patrick. I was so happy you were feeling a little better. Now you can't jeopardize that. Think of me, too. For me, it's still like a miracle now that nothing more has happened to you. I need you after all - healthy, Patrick." "Forgive me, Stella, but everything would look easier for me if I knew who did it. Or at least his motive. I can't shake the thought that someone is trying to take me out before I get my memory back." "Patrick!" Stella looked at the sick man in horror. "How can you say something so horrible?" "I have to if I'm going to be open with you. And we promised each other we would always do that. Only then will we master our destiny. There is so much uncertainty around us. We've learned to come to terms with it, though I hoped here in Ireland my fate would be resolved." He clenched his hands into fists and beat them together. Stella had rarely seen him so aroused. "I feel it, I'm on the verge. Others must know it too. That's why they wanted me out of the world. That's the only reason, Stella. Someone must be afraid of me knowing who I am again." Stella contradicted Patrick to reassure him. In reality, however, she shared his suspicions.