Magnus walked excitedly up and down the room until a valet told him that Fräulein von Salten wished to speak to him. He asked her to come in. Rosemarie stepped over the threshold. Since it was a very warm May day, she wore a white dress without any jewelry. She was a little self-conscious now that she was alone with him. He looked into her softly flushed face, and the blood rushed hotly to his heart. Forcing himself to calm down, he said with a smile, "You are very punctual, Fräulein von Salten." Looking at him with wide eyes, she said, "I have hardly been able to wait for the time, Mr. Rittner. As long as I have been here, I have longed for an opportunity to speak with you alone for once. At last it has come about, thanks to your kind offer. I thank you and ask you to hear me out." Questioningly, he looked at her. "Please, take a seat. What do you have to say to me?" He pushed a club chair toward her, and she settled down. For a while she struggled for composure under his gaze, which aroused her. Then she said, looking at him with her beautiful eyes: "I wanted to ask you above all, Mr. Rittner, help me get away from here! You know that I came here without having any idea in whose house I came. Carelessly, I signed a contract without reading it through. But I was so happy that it guaranteed me a firm engagement for three years that I carelessly signed it and did not discover that my mistress's name was Rittner. Now, at any rate, I am bound by the contract for three years and do not know how to get free. I am so terribly embarrassed to be in your Herr Bruder's house, and I feel false and hypocritical to Frau Rittner's great kindness. If I had not had to be considerate of her, I would have left at once. But what excuse shall I find for asking her to dismiss me? I am ashamed to have to conceal something from her and yet I am not allowed to speak. Alone I cannot find a way out of this distress. You alone can help me. Please, do it!" He did not take his eyes off her excited face. Her pleading eyes made it difficult for him to control himself. But he still managed to answer calmly. "I have understood from the beginning that the situation is unbearable for you and that you cannot stay under the present circumstances. I have also thought about how to help you. But before I go into more detail and make plans with you, please read this letter, which arrived this morning in a letter to my brother! Perhaps the contents are important to you." "I thank you for giving me the letter, Mr. Rittner. However, its contents are of no importance to me. Please, let us talk further of what is close to my heart." His heartbeat threatened to stop. He looked at her with strangely inquiring eyes. "Is this letter really without meaning for you?" Rosemarie blushed. But she said calmly, "Certainly! Why do you ask?" "Because I know what the letter says." Now dark glow shot into her face. "How is that possible?" He handed her the letter from Herr von Heinzius to his brother. "Please, read this, too!" She did so, and when she had finished, she said softly, "I did not know that Herr von Heinzius had told you the contents of his letter to me. You-you must have hoped that I might accept this application because it would create an opportunity for me to get free here. You probably also think that a poor girl in my circumstances should be happy if an honest man desires her as his wife. But - I have already rejected Herr von Heinzius once when my situation was very desperate. I do not love him, and even if I did, I would have rejected him and would reject him again today, because I could not accept the hand of a man without confessing to him the guilt of my mother. I would have to tell him everything, and I could not. I would suffer unspeakably if I had to humble myself like that, for in all my distress I still possess an unholy pride, though I am not entitled to it." He quickly grasped her hand. "Why do you rage so against yourself?" he asked softly. Her eyes gleamed moistly. Shyly she disengaged her hand from his. "You don't know what I have suffered from my mother's guilt. I cannot absolve her, much as I would like to. But I must not condemn her either, do not want to do it, because she also sinned for my sake. But I don't want to bother you with my feelings - I only want to tell you that in all these years I had the ardent wish to be able to justify myself before you. That you might think me, like my mother, an adventuress, has tormented me the most. You of all people should not believe it." "And why not me of all people?" he asked in a restrained voice. She was startled. In her eagerness she had betrayed herself. Uncertainly she looked at him. "I - I don't know - only - I looked up to you as to a being of a higher kind, even then, when I loved your brother no - thought I loved him. I had such great confidence in you - in your goodness. You should not think me guilty - not you. And when you told me the day I arrived here that you believed in my innocence - there - it was like a redemption for me." She clenched her hands tightly in excitement. He would have liked to pull her into his arms. There was an excited twitch in his face. "Never have I doubted your innocence," he said firmly. Then a gleam broke from her eyes that shook him. She could not speak, only made a helpless movement and clasped her hands together. He wanted to give her a chance to compose herself, and said, as calmly as he could, "You said that you had only believed you loved my brother. How did you come to realize this mistake?" She stroked her forehead. "Unclearly I felt it already that evening when he spoke to me of his love. Then he seemed to me different from what I wanted to see him, lighter, more superficial. There was something missing in him that evening - I just didn't know what it was. And when he left me, leaving me only a few heartless words, what I thought was love died. If it had been true love, it would not have died. And if your brother had truly loved me, he should not have left me like that - not like that. And also, when I learned later from my mother's diary why I had been given up, I said to myself that he should have believed in me, even if everyone doubted me." Magnus clasped her hand with an abrupt grip. "So the separation from him did not hurt you very much?" With a dull smile she looked at him. "Oh, it was strange-it broke something in me when I read that you two had departed. I was as if destroyed, humiliated and miserable, and yet I didn't know what was tormenting me so namelessly. Nor did I have time to figure myself out. My mother collapsed without support when she heard that her brother spurned me. And I was worried about her day and night. Then she persuaded me to give my consent to Herr von Heinzius. I refused. In Genoa my mother became seriously ill and, to calm her down, I promised her to consider whether I could marry Herr von Heinzius. But I promised with the firm resolution not to do so. And when he courted me after my mother's death, I wrote him that I could not make up my mind to become his wife." "Though you knew then that you did not love my brother, and though you were in bitter distress? Surely your heart was free?" Rosemary's face glowed under his searching gaze. "I could not - no - it was not possible for me. And, after all, I already had the position with the Countess Rosenberg and was protected from the worst hardship. Also I possessed some money - I had sold my mother's jewelry, which I thought was genuine." "It was not genuine?" he asked. She told him everything, what hopes she had placed in the jewelry and how she had gone from one jeweler to another with the Countess Rosenberg. With deep emotion he listened. She also described to him frankly how she had been afraid of the unsympathetic Countess. "I would rather have gone to my death," she groaned. And reassuring herself, she continued, "I would rather go to my death today, too, than accept his courtship. He is a dear, good man, and he would create an enviable lot for me externally. But as much as I have had to relearn outwardly, in my inner being there is no compromise, no concession. I would rather wrestle with my sorrows to the end of my days and remain a free man while doing so, than sell my soul for glamour and wealth." "That's an admirable point of view," he said in a restrained voice. "I am nearly twenty-five years old, and I suppose the last five years count double. But now none of that! In any case, I must tell Herr von Heinzius that I cannot accept his advertisement today either. But - suddenly I think of a way out! If I were to show this letter from Mr. von Heinzius to Mrs. Rittner and let her believe that I would accept his application? It would be a lie, and I would be ashamed of this lie - but in this case I would have to make a virtue out of necessity. In the event that I were to get married, I'm sure Ms. Rittner wouldn't mind me canceling my contract. Don't you think I might do that to get us all out of an embarrassing situation without an éclat?" Confidently, she looked at him. He lowered his gaze deeply into hers. Raucous with suppressed excitement, he said, "If you have no other way out at all, then you may. But perhaps we need not resort to this lie after all. I know another way out." She raised her hands pleadingly. "Please speak!" He leaned forward and looked into her face with hot, flaming eyes. "Is your heart still free, Rosemarie?" She winced and leaned back in her chair, as if she had to avoid him as much as she could. "Why do you ask me that?" came tonelessly from her lips. His gaze did not leave hers. "Because I'm burning to know." She suddenly straightened up as if in stiff defense. "I can't give you any information about that," she groaned. He grasped both her hands and held them tightly. "Rosemarie, I want to make an opening for you. Back then - in Cairo -, I was very unhappy. Do you know why?" She shook her head. He heaved a deep sigh. "I want to tell you. Because I saw your heart turn to my handsome, shining brother. And because I saw that he loved you, I suppressed my feelings for you. It was very, very hard sometimes. And when you came in from the terrace that last evening in Cairo with my brother, I felt that I had lost you completely. It became difficult for me to give my brother, whom I love with all my heart, the happiness for which I myself had longed so ardently..." A tremor ran over Rosemary's body. She had turned deathly pale and closed her eyes, as if in front of a bright blinding light. "Why are you telling me this?" she asked tonelessly. "Because it must become clear between us, Rosemarie. Then, that evening, when I heard from Herr von Schlieben how things were with your mother, I had to tell my brother everything. And - he gave you up. I would not have done it in his place. In spite of a whole world, I would have held on to you if you had given me your love. But my brother is of a different kind. We left, and I was probably more hurt than he was. I have never been able to forget you, Rosemarie. But since I saw you again, my love has grown even more steadily - because I thought I noticed that your eyes looked at me more warmly than other people. Was I mistaken, Rosemarie?" She suddenly wrenched her hands from his and buried her face in them. "Don't torture me - oh, don't torture me so terribly!" "Rosemarie, am I torturing you - with my love?" he asked excitedly. She broke into a sob. "Surely a man like you cannot marry the daughter of an adventuress! Do you want to humiliate me with your love?" she burst out beside herself. Then he jumped up. Standing tall, he looked down at her with shining eyes. "Rosemarie, I love you! What does it matter to me what your mother did! You I want, you I love. God forbid that I should ever humiliate you! I will take you to my heart, I will lead you into my house and protect and guard you from every rough breeze - if you love me. Only if you love me, Rosemarie. Look at me!" With moist eyes she looked into his, from which an intimate glow shone out at her. "I love you-more than my life, Magnus. Only you do I love - you I loved then, and sought you only in your brother, because you kept away from me. I did not know myself - was a foolish child: oh, Magnus, may I be so unspeakably happy?" Then he closed her mouth with hot kisses, and she lay trembling with bliss in his arms, knowing and feeling only one thing, that after a long wandering she had at last found a home at his heart. For a long time the two people held each other embraced. And between kisses and hot caresses they still had much to say to each other. Rosemarie still did not dare to believe in her happiness. "Can it be, Magnus? Your brother gave me up then because Herr von Schlieben had opened your eyes about my mother. Does not apply to you what applied to him? May you take me to your honest house? And will you never let me be repaid for being weak and accepting your courtship?" A smile flew across his features. "My sweet Rosemarie, what was true of my brother is not true of me. His love was not strong enough. Mine is. Do not be anxious, my dear heart. I hold you close to my heart, and nothing shall come between us to separate us." "But your brother? Will he wish to acknowledge me as his sister-in-law?" "He knows that I love you. I told him so a little while ago. And I think he's glad that everything is falling into place, because he still feels a little wronged toward you. Anyway, he wished me luck. Happiness! Rosemarie, do you know how happy your love makes me?" She snuggled up to him. "How like a miracle it all is, my Magnus! But - what will Frau Rittner say to it?" He laughed almost boisterously. "Do you think I'll put up with her keeping you in your contract? For the rest, you can go ahead and become my wife and keep her company after all. She is a dear, good person and will indulge us in our happiness. You will soon be good friends." "What lies with me shall be done to that end. And, is it not true, I need not now torment myself with remorse that I must conceal from her what has been between her husband and myself?" He stroked her hair tenderly. "No, my Rosemarie, don't worry about that anymore! After all, we're only hiding it from Ellen to spare her unnecessary worry. And we are so glad that she is fresh and cheerful again, and no longer dwells exclusively on her grief for the child. Fred is happy about this, because he loves his wife - as deeply as he knows how to love. And he is happy that she is happy again. Now all, all is well, my Rosemarie." She laid her cheek against his. "Ah, Magnus, how beautiful, how beautiful life is for me now all at once!"