"Child, we are happy for you, but do you have to invite Alessandra to your engagement already? Shouldn't we celebrate the happy event in the closest family circle?" "But Dad!" Leonie was now sitting artfully next to the Prince de Sablemer on the old pink sofa; opposite her, the Prince and Princess had taken their seats. It was the official salon, whose murals told of the feats of some family members, for example, the crusader Agamond von Wallmenroth or the commander Engelhardt, who was shown on the battlefield, around him picturesquely draped fallen. In any case, the environment in which they sat was stock-still and solemn, while those present seemed relaxed and highly elated. Prince de Sablemer was descended from an excellent family, he was an obviously likeable young man - a good match to boot. Wolfram von Wallmenroth cast a furtive glance at his daughter. Anyone would call Leonie attractive with her fair skin and brown curls, but now she was beautiful - for she glowed from within. The brown eyes shone, around the soft mouth played a smile that you only saw on lips in love. Today, even Alessandra would pale beside her. Still, he thought it was wrong to invite Alessandra to the engagement. He sighed. Alessandra ... He had two daughters, and of course he should have loved them both equally, but he failed to do so. Princess Alessandra, the firstborn, was pompous, icy and beautiful. Like her mother, for whom beauty had been a kind of obsession. When the princess had discovered that having children was detrimental to the figure and he, as the last Wallmenroth, would have liked to have a male heir - that's when their paths had parted. Not to the financial disadvantage of the princess. To his chagrin, Alessandra was cut from the same cloth. She, too, always laid claim to being the center of attention. Alessandra would envy the kind-hearted Leonie this groom. She would seek to destroy her half-sister's happiness before she even realized what was happening to her. Prince Wolfram turned to Paola, his second wife, whom he loved so much perhaps because she was quiet, ladylike and warm-hearted. He was happy with her, just as Prince de Sablemer would be happy with Leonie. However, the prince had to admit to himself that he only appreciated the joy of being married to a compassionate woman after he had really only ever been abused to make a grand entrance at Alessandra's side. "Alessandra is in Corfu right now. I thought you were getting engaged as early as next week?" he now objected. Prince Julien gave him an attentive look. He sensed that there was something there - or rather, something to be avoided. He had heard of the beautiful Alessandra, had even met her once in passing, but had felt no desire to break the spell of her admirers and friends. Julien reached for Leonie's hand and squeezed it warmly. "But, chérie, why not have a quiet engagement when there will be a very big wedding afterwards?" "Because I want the whole world to know of my happiness!" "You won't be that happy once the photographers start climbing over the castle wall here," objected Princess Paola. She had known how to interpret her husband's look. Alessandra would cause mischief. Leonie looked from one to the other. She felt that hers were all well-meaning, but had a different opinion. "All right," she finally relented. "So then an engagement in the very closest family circle, and that ..." she lifted her chin, and for the first time one saw that the gentle Leonie could also be stubborn, "...includes Alessandra, of course. In all these years she has been my friend. I have always confided everything to her, and she has let me in on her secrets." "Into all of them?" the prince doubted. He had risen and stepped behind his wife's armchair. Lightly he put his hand on her shoulder, a sign of attachment that could be observed more often with him. "What do you think, Paola?" The princess looked up at him. She had the same calm, wise, smoky gray eyes as her daughter. "I mean we should respect Leonie's wishes. She's happy and wants the whole world to know about it." "Whatever you say." The prince broke away from his wife and nodded to the new man in the family. Ever since he knew he would have no male heir, he had hoped for his sons-in-law. Those who would perhaps take the name of Wallmenroth to continue the dynasty, such a thing was quite possible today. Prince Julien de Sablemer was a man any father-in-law could only dream of. He had a well-cut, open face and features that had to be immediately likeable to anyone. His hair was dark blond, his complexion lightly tanned. A strand fell into his high forehead, which he now brushed back with a nice little gesture. Leonie's hand had crept into his left, and he raised it to his lips for a kiss. Of course the prince knew that Sablemer was number one on the marriage market right now, and of course the prince wondered how the love story between shy Leonie and this brilliant man might have played out. But he did not wonder that Julien de Sablemer had given preference to Leonie over all the princesses and daughters of rich men. For Julien de Sablemer had certainly seen through the vanity fair and must have known that he had hit the jackpot with a young woman like Princess Leonie.