Magnus followed the couple at Rosemary's side, deliberately halting his steps to leave space between himself and those ahead. The station had a large extension, one had to pass through several halls and through a long tunnel before reaching the exit. Magnus took advantage of being alone with Rosemarie and said half aloud, "My gracious lady, of course my sister-in-law knows nothing of what has happened in Cairo. In the interest of all, I ask you to be discreet." Rosemarie looked up at him with an exasperated look. "You needn't ask me to do that. Oh, my God, if only I had never come here!" Full of hot participation, he looked into her pale, twitching face. "I can sympathize with you, but unfortunately I can't help you now. Please, for the time being, try to come to terms with the unalterable as best you can. My sister-in-law has been suffering for a long time, we feared that she would become mentally ill. She must be spared and have no excitement." "I understand - and I will be silent." "I thank you. And you may count on my help in every way. Above all, I will see to it that you have as little contact with my brother as possible. But now I would like to ask you one more question." "Please, ask." "I have recently recovered a sum of five thousand marks from your wife's mother, and you say that she has been dead for years?" Dark glow shot into Rosemary's face. "I paid that money in on my mother's behalf. You'll have to excuse me for not doing it sooner. I was on a very tight salary and couldn't pay anything back. A great, unforeseen stroke of luck put me in possession of ten thousand marks. The heirs of Countess Rosenberg made this grant to me from the inheritance, in recognition of my services. And I was very happy about it, because with this money I was able to pay off part of my mother's debts." With a strangely lightening look he looked at her. "You did that? Instead of securing a nest egg in your predicament, you gave the money away for that purpose?" A bitter smile flitted around her mouth. "It's a pity you don't take it for granted." "But my gracious lady, in your position it is a special heroic deed! And you sent the money to me of all people?" She breathed excitedly. "I suppose you can't understand that either? You can't know how it tormented me that my mother - lent money and just from you - oh - I could die of shame." The last words came like a groan from her chest. A hot, deep pity filled him. "Why? Why must you be ashamed?" She clasped her hands together. "Because I know everything, everything. A diary my mother left behind told me everything. I learned from it what I could not grasp and understand before - why you - and your master brother left so quickly at that time. At first I only thought I was rejected because I was poor. Only from my mother's diary did I learn the real reason - it almost destroyed me." He looked at her in shock. "Poor child!" he said softly. Her eyes, those wonderful shining eyes, looked up at him with a moist glimmer. "Thanks for that word! It shows me that you believe me, do not condemn me. Oh, my God. i was quite innocent, quite ignorant of what my mother had been driven to by her terrible situation. And it hurt me terribly and brought me to the brink of despair when I had to learn that in your eyes I was nothing but the daughter of an adventuress. Perhaps you thought me so yourself." "No, by God, I never did! But as things stood, my brother had to refrain from associating with you." "Yes, yes, I know that - I understood everything when I read my mother's diary. And now - now I have got into his house, fate is cruelly pursuing me - this is terrible - quite terrible!" she groaned out as if beside herself. "Quiet, for God's sake quiet, my gracious lady! For the time being nothing can be changed without an éclat, and an éclat we must avoid, mainly in your interest."