The very next morning Emily came running towards the house. Stella saw her from the window and wanted to meet her quickly. However, she stopped on the threshold. Emily did not come alone. At some distance, Duke Robert followed her. Stella embraced Emily and wanted to go into the house with her. But Duke Robert was already there. "Emily did not rest, I had to bring her to you," he told. "I hope she won't be inconvenient for you. I understand you've had a great deal of excitement." "Yes," was all Stella said, wondering at the Duke's impartial manner. After all, he had tried to break into this house and molest her. And in Tralee, too, they had parted very unkindly. "May I visit the patient, too?" he asked now. "He is, after all, no stranger to me since Tralee." Stella made no reply. She went ahead with Emily, and the duke followed them. Patrick lay in his bed in the chamber. Stella opened the door. "You have a visitor, Patrick," she said in a strained voice. "Emily has come with her father." Patrick sat up. His face darkened. Emily immediately ran up to him. "Oh, do you have a thick bandage around your head," she said regretfully. "Did a bad man really hurt you like that?" "Yes, Emily, but the wound will heal quickly." Patrick's gaze was on the man at the door. Duke Robert approached the bed. "I'm sorry, Mister Donald, that you were the victim of an attack. I will have a few bottles of wine sent to you for refreshment. While you are not tending the sheep of Windhome, we would like to do something good for our Miss Stella's companion as well." Duke Robert's voice had an audibly false tone. "Thank you," said Patrick defensively, "do not trouble yourself about me, Duke Young of Windhome." He pronounced that title very emphatically. And his inquiring looks did not leave the Duke's face. "I would not accept the wine." Stella was startled by Patrick's refusal. It was clear that he wanted to snub the guest. That was not usually his way. Quietly, she said, "Please, leave, Duke Robert. I want to keep Patrick from getting upset. He has a severe concussion." For seconds, Robert was stunned. Then he squinted his eyes and straightened up very straight. "Do I have to have the shepherd and his mistress show me the door? I came with good intentions." "No, you are not." Patrick's face reddened. His hands slid restlessly over the bedspread. "Who are you, Duke Robert?" He tilted his head forward. "I know you, though you deny it." "Come, Emily, let's go." Duke Robert grabbed his child's hand. Emily had to be dragged from the room. "Will you come back to the castle soon, Stella?" she called back. Stella couldn't hurt the child, so she answered, "Yes, Emily, very soon."