Michael hesitated for a moment, then resignedly gave in and began to dial. He knew Gardner's number by heart. He still didn't like the whole thing. Events had taken a series of twists and turns he hadn't expected, and he hadn't had time to think things through properly, so he felt Betty had really run him over. He could only hope she knew what she was doing. "Hello?" came Steve Gardner's voice from the receiver. "Steve, it's Michael. I need you to do me a favor." "Oh yeah?" Gardner didn't sound too thrilled. "Do you actually know that I was arrested by the FBI yesterday for that last favor I did for you?" "I'm sorry about that," Michael apologized. "It was ... kind of a misunderstanding. I felt the same way, but eventually they released us. The military just wanted to keep anything about the horn plate from getting out to the public." "Where are you anyway, Mike, and what is this all about? Boy, I'm really worried about you. You're in some kind of trouble, aren't you?" "No, no trouble," Michael asserted. "I'll explain it all to you later. Listen, I have some calculations and chemical formulas here that I can't do anything with at all, though. Maybe you can tell me what they're all about." Before Gardner could ask any more questions or say anything else, Michael began to read aloud what was written on the pieces of paper. He read slowly so his friend and colleague could take notes. "What do you think of this?" he inquired in conclusion. "Sounds kind of interesting," Gardner returned. "Most of it seems to be just intermediate results or thought supports, and you seem to have mixed up the order a bit. It all boils down to a single, fairly comprehensive formula. What is this all about, anyway?" "That's what I'm trying to find out from you. I have no idea. It could just as easily be a new medicine as a cosmetic or even a chemical warfare agent." Gardner laughed, but it didn't sound particularly humorous. "Either you're out of your mind or you're having your particularly funny day today. Okay, I'll take a look at the whole thing. But it'll probably take an hour." "Impossible," Michael groaned. "I can't wait that long. I just want a very rough idea of what kind of stuff it might be." "All right, maybe half an hour will do. Where can I reach you?" Michael caught a warning look from Betty, who was listening to the conversation over a room speaker. "I'll get back to you myself in half an hour," he returned. "I'll see you later." He hung up.