But the Countess had hardly been in Alteichen Castle for a few weeks when the war broke out. This also made a deep impression on Rosemarie. But Alteichen Castle lay apart from the hustle and bustle of the world, and besides, Rosemarie was so filled with her own sad fate that she faced this outbreak of war with a dull composure. She had a feeling as if nothing good could ever come her way again anyway. Despite all her bravery, the whole world was a gray, dreary monotony to her. Her hope that life would become a little friendlier and more bearable for her in Alteichen Castle had not been fulfilled. But the beautiful, feudal castle and the magnificent surroundings filled her with admiration. At least she had a refreshment for her eyes. And it was a great relief to her that the countess was now again served by her old chambermaid and cared for in cases of illness. So she at least got rid of these rather dreadful duties. In return, the countess quickly imposed a number of other duties on her. From now on, Rosemarie simply had to make all the countess's clothes and modernize old ones. She also had to work elaborate embroideries for her. So Rosemarie had no free hour from early morning till late at night. And if she had not had to accompany her mistress on walks and outings, she would not even have had time to draw breath. It was really not a pleasant life that Rosemarie led. But she endured everything with composure and patience. Only in the solitude of her room did she occasionally indulge in outbursts of a despairing mood, when the Countess had particularly tormented her with evil moods and scolding. Perhaps she would have looked for another position, but the war had created such very different conditions in the meantime that she had to be glad to have a safe place to stay. Of course, Rosemary's thoughts often flew back to the past. Like a dream it lay behind her that she had once been a celebrated, much courted darling of society. She also thought a lot about the Rittner brothers. Surely they, too, were doing their duty for the fatherland during that terrible time.