"May I come in?" asked a shy male voice from the doorway the next morning. Lorena raised her eyelids jerkily. Didn't she still remember that dark male voice very well? Indeed, he had come! How worried his dark eyes looked. And he looked just as she remembered him. "Why, of course," she replied, smiling. "Do come in. I won't bite." He smiled, too, as he stepped closer. It was a somewhat uncertain smile, but also a very relieved one. He took off his hat, placed it on a chair, and ran his fingers through his curly brown fuzzy hair. Only now did she realize that she had simply called him by his first name. I wonder if he would respond. "How are you ... you now?" He scratched his head briefly. "Am I allowed to call you by your first name at all?" he asked faithfully. Lorena thought he was just cute. She had to resist the urge to pull him toward her and dig her fingers into his wonderfully soft-looking curls. Just crazy! How on earth did she come to such thoughts? Hopefully he didn't see them on her! "But of course you may call me by my first name, after I finally did it as well. I'm also feeling a bit better after the first scare. The pain is keeping at bay thanks to pills." "That's good. I'm Theo Phillips, by the way. But you'll have gathered that from my card already. If you read it," he added. "Of course I read it, what do you think? Thank you for the pretty flowers, too. It made me feel less miserable right away." "Nice, I'm glad." Smiling, he looked down at her. His gaze was so intense that Lorena's heart involuntarily pounded. "Why don't you sit down," she said. Theo settled down on the chair and took his hat on his lap. "Oh, and I'm Lorena. Lorena Werding," she, too, introduced herself. "I know. I caught it when one of the cops found your ID." "Right, you must have known my name or you couldn't have delivered the flowers for me." "Oh, that would have worked," he agreed. "I would have dropped them off for the pretty young woman with the reddish-blonde curls who was admitted here yesterday after a bicycle accident. Besides, I could have given it to the emergency room doctor; she knew who you were. Pretty name, by the way - Lorena. I like it." "Thanks." She let her eyes wander over his sympathetic face with its sensitive mouth. "You said it wasn't your fault. What part did that truck play in it?" "It crashed into me and threw my car against you." "And you weren't injured in the collision?" "No. I just got a good bump." His expression turned serious. "I was in the car, after all, but you were on the bike. My heart stopped when I saw you fall." "Nothing much happened," she said reassuringly. "And what exactly happened?" he wanted to know. "I mean, what injuries did you sustain? I see you have a bandage on your chest. Did you break any ribs?" "The ribs are just bruised, but I broke my sternum." "Oh, no!" Sympathetically, he stroked her arm briefly. "Then you must be in a lot of pain." "I'm fine. They started pain management right away." "I'm really very sorry," Theo said regretfully. "It's not your fault." Lorena gave him a smile. She had enjoyed his touch very much and wished he would stroke her arm again so lovingly. How was it that she was so spontaneously attracted to this man? "Still, I feel kind of guilty." He sighed unhappily. "That's really complete nonsense," Lorena said energetically. "You probably think it's unfair, too, that you didn't get hurt." "Something like that," he admitted with a grimace. "That's really silly. I'm sorry to be so harsh with you, since we don't even know each other, but I certainly don't want you to feel guilty. Because in a way, you're just as much a victim as I am." Theo laughed softly. "Well, you're right. The truck driver has us both on his conscience." He became serious again. "Still, I'm terribly sorry you have to lie here and endure pain. I'm sure you had better things to do." "You're right about that, though." Lorena sighed. "I won't be able to participate in several performances of our puppet stage and will also have to cancel at least two private engagements. To be honest, that weighs heavily on my mind." "Puppet stage?" repeated Theo with interest. "Are you a puppeteer?" "Yes. Mostly I play with puppets. I've been doing that for years. For some time now, I have specialized in therapy puppetry. I visit old people's homes and facilities for children and the disabled with my puppet stage, for example, children's wards in hospitals." "Therapy puppetry sounds interesting." Theo seemed quite impressed. "The purpose of it is to encourage contact and feelings," Lorena explained. "For dementia patients, for example, also memory. Plus, laughter is healthy." "So your performances are funny?" "Mainly, yes. But at the puppet stage we also perform serious plays for adults, like The Little Prince, but also opera and cabaret." "That's enormous." Now Theo actually sounded seriously impressed, which Lorena was pleased about. She told him a little more about her work and then wanted to know from him what he did for a living. Theo told her about his work as a sports coach for children and young people, about the tournament games and the victories of his groups. Lorena liked that. However, she would have rather thought that he was an artist. Musician or painter or writer, something along those lines. They chatted for quite a while until Nurse Beate came in and announced the doctor's rounds. "I guess I'll have to go, then." Theo rose from his chair. "May I visit you again while you're lying here?" "With pleasure, anytime," Lorena replied spontaneously. And she was already looking forward to his next visit.