Today, too, Duke Brian was waiting impatiently for Gwendolin. He was getting restless because she had made him wait so long. He feared that Alice had prevented her from leaving the castle. Duke Brian left Windhome manor. He walked along the path that Gwendolin had to come. This path was bordered by bushes. Startled, Duke Brian stopped. There was a rustling in the bushes, and he saw a crouched male figure. Now it straightened up. "Patrick!" Duke Brian pressed his hands to his chest. Patrick leaped out of the bushes. He disregarded all caution when he saw his father. "Father!" He grabbed Duke Brian's hands. Overcome with happiness at facing his father, tears came to his eyes. "Please, don't send me away again. I've passed away with homesickness; I couldn't stand it in the outside world anymore." He looked across the land. "This is where I belong. I'm as down to earth as any of our family have been. Longing for you and for Kathleen has driven me home. I don't care what happens now." "Come, Patrick!" Duke Brian pulled his son behind the bushes. "Dare you not show yourself with me, father?" asked Patrick. "It is better if we are not seen at first, Patrick." Duke Brian sat down on a boulder behind the bushes. His legs no longer supported him. He pointed to a smaller boulder beside him. "Why don't you sit down, Patrick? We can talk here in peace. The people are all out in the fields, no one will be coming by here anytime soon." Patrick settled down on the stone and looked imploringly at his father. "It has been many months since I had to leave Windhome, Father. Do you still think your son is a check forger and a girl abuser?" Duke Brian bowed his head. It was a long time before he looked at his son and said in a harsh voice, "I never wanted to believe it, Patrick, but I've been proven wrong about your shameful deeds." "Who, father? Your wife? That doesn't apply to me. I've had plenty of time to think and ponder it all. You rebuked me then, when I attacked your wife. But I have to do it again. Aren't you also concerned that my name be cleared? It is our name, father." "This would be the happiest hour for me if I knew that I had been the victim of intrigue. I would have wronged you and would have to come to terms with it, but to know before I die that ..." Patrick stood up and interrupted his father. He leaned toward him and looked him firmly in the eyes. "Father, once again I swear to you by the love of my mother that I am innocent of everything I am accused of. I beg you, believe me, your only son." His voice trembling, he had to be silent for a few seconds before continuing. "I did not come back for my inheritance, I could renounce everything that is due to me, I only want one thing: to get back my honest name and prove to you that you do not have to be ashamed of me." Duke Brian looked at him long and inquiringly. "I believe you, Patrick." Patrick threw himself down on the grass, shaken. His shoulders shrugged, he wept unrestrainedly like a child. Duke Brian stood up and shook him by the shoulders. "Patrick, I beg you, get up! I can't bear to see what I've done to you. I'm going to fix everything." Patrick rose. "Kathleen believes in me, and now you do too, Father. That's all I could have asked for. I have never been happier than at this hour. I will prove to you that I deserve your love." Duke Brian did not get to say anything more. He heard footsteps on the path and looked through the bushes. Spontaneously he called out, "Gwendolin!" The next moment he already regretted having called the young duchess. But she had stopped, he had to step out onto the path. "What are you doing behind the bushes, father?" the young woman asked with a smile. But in a moment she became serious again. She had seen Patrick's head. "You're not alone?" "No, Gwendolin." Fleetingly, Duke Brian was still tempted to deny his son, but then he said, "I have had a visitor, Gwendolin. But I must ask you to consider this my secret for the time being." He took her hand. "Patrick has come back." He led Gwendolin behind the bushes and introduced Patrick to her. The two young people looked into each other's eyes, then shook hands. And Gwendolin said, "If you ask me, father, not to tell your secret, I will. But perhaps it would be better if you would openly confess your son and fight with him for his honor." Duke Brian looked at Gwendolin, puzzled. She was uncertain, looked around anxiously, then threw her head back. Her red hair fell over her shoulders. "I would have told you today anyway something I heard yesterday. There's no way I could have kept that from you, because I know how much you've suffered from the suspicion that rests on Patrick. He is innocent." Duke Brian supported Gwendolin, noticing that she was looking around for something to hold on to. "Are you not well, Gwendolin?" he asked, concerned. Her condition had long been apparent. "Yes, it attacks me to know that my husband and mother-in-law have such a terrible burden on their consciences. I sat in the conservatory yesterday. They did not know this and were talking very frankly to each other at some distance from me. From their conversation I could gather that they had only invented the outrages that Patrick was accused of. They were all about the inheritance." Patrick drew Gwendolin's hands to his lips. "I thank you, Gwendolin. I know how much courage it takes for you to admit that. You blame your husband and your mother-in-law." "Mostly her, Patrick, but I have no reason to spare her." Gwendolin gave Duke Brian a kiss on the cheek. "I must return to the castle, father. No one knows I went to the manor, but I promised you I would come. I'll leave it up to you what you do now, I stand by my confession." "I'll try not to hurt you, Gwendolin, I know how hard you already have it in the castle. And you must think of your child now." Duke Brian led Gwendolin on her way. Her eyes shone, her hand pressed on her high body. "Yes, of my child. I can hardly wait for the hour when I may hold it in my arms." Duke Brian went back to Patrick. They talked for some more time about Gwendolin and what she had betrayed. Then Duke Brian asked, "Patrick, give me some time. You can't rush to settle a matter that has been so well set up. I want to change my will first before I speak to Alice. I confess to you that I have drawn it up in Robert's favor. Please, stay on the estate. I will find you a hiding place where no one will discover you." "Why do I still have to hide?" asked Patrick, upset. Duke Brian put his hand on his shoulder placatingly. "Do it for my sake, Patrick. And for your sake, too, I'm sure. Believe me, we'll jeopardize everything if Alice learns too soon that you're back home. Leave it to me to act. I owe it to you. I will go to the castle today and make an appointment with my notary tomorrow to redraft my will. Don't go to the manor until it gets dark. You know the hayloft next to the stables. It's not being used now. You can hide there." As Duke Brian was leaving, Patrick asked, "Can you call Kathleen in Dublin, Father? Please, do that for me. She'll come here when she knows I'm on the estate." He told his father the phone number where he could reach Kathleen in Dublin. Then they said goodbye to each other. When darkness fell, Patrick crept onto the farm and hid in the hayloft. Although he was reluctant to do so, he did not want to stab his father in the back.