 A flash of lightning twitched from the tunnel entrance. Then another, and another. Matt looked through the cockpit window with narrowed eyes and saw Patrem standing there. The archivist was alive! And not only that! He held something in his hand and aimed it at the mass of worms. Again and again he pressed the trigger, paving his way through the throng. The worms seemed to literally fizzle out. Huge slime balls of dozens of worms dissolved into nothingness with just one shot! This had to be a weapon from the BagBox, a disintegrator or something similar. The fact that Patrem allowed him to start again put Matt in a quandary. Honor demanded that he give him sanctuary in the glider. But there was no way he would allow himself to become a prisoner of the archivist again. So what to do? Matt reached for the on-board microphone and switched to speaker. "Congratulations on making it out alive! And thanks for uncovering the glider. If you want to come along, though, it'll be with the roles reversed. I get the weapons and you get the shackles." The archivist calmly sauntered closer like a cowboy after a successful duel. "I agree on one condition!" he shouted back. Matt twisted his face skeptically. "And what would that be?" "Tell me how you were able to trick me despite the headband. Because there's clearly none of the stuff you promised me here!" Matt couldn't help but grin as he replied, "All right. Put your weapons on the ground - and I mean all weapons! After that, stand with your back to me and raise your hands above your head." "So be it." Obediently, Patrem grabbed both Matt's discharged laser pistol and a device that looked almost like a stun gun on the floor, took two steps backward, and then turned around with his arms raised. "But hurry up! I'm afraid there are a lot more of those crawling slimes lurking down there." Despite the lurking danger and the short time, Matt didn't want to rush anything, didn't want to be duped now that he had the longer leverage. He gathered the weapons and patted down Patrem before inviting him with the disintegrator - he had decided to call the wonder weapon that - to go ahead to the glider. He didn't want to take any chances inside the ship either. So he tied the archivist to the copilot's seat with a thin plastic rope. Then the engine started again. The glider lifted - somewhat tenaciously still at the beginning - until even the last remnants of slime fell off it. Matt set a course for Rome. Hang in there, my friends, I'm on my way. "You owe me an answer," Patrem said after they gained altitude. "I didn't cheat. It was fate," Matt said with sarcasm in his voice. "Something you, as a Guardian of Worlds, should be especially familiar with, right?" "What's that supposed to mean?" the archivist insisted. "That I wasn't lying. At the very spot where we landed, there used to be the city-state of Agartha. Now it's gone, quite obviously swallowed up by another anomaly in the space-time fabric," Matt explained, not without a certain satisfaction. "I'm surprised that you, as an expert, didn't recognize that." "We didn't create time and dimensions. We are only their guardians," Patrem replied. "And in your case, with very questionable goals and methods, after all," Matt said. The archivist struggled to find a somewhat more comfortable position despite his restraints, and finally said tersely, "Perhaps." "That's all you have to offer in your defense? 'May be'?", Matt snorted. The longer the return trip took, the more anger he felt bubbling up inside him. What if they didn't get there in time? What if what the archivist had done was irreversible? "Wasn't it preached in your century that you should follow your dreams?" the archivist replied after a while. "How selfish of you to apply this only to your era." "But desires must never be above ethics!" exclaimed Matt, looking at Patrem shaking his head. The latter laughed dryly. "The good of all is more important than that of the individual, huh? Do you really believe that? Better a society of disappointed people in the uniform mash of mediocrity than one that allows both the highest highs and the lowest lows? This is the dogma that people in the domain have been preaching to themselves for far too long. I was tired of it, and you would know the truth, too, if you would only dare to look back at what was." "That's fucking propaganda garbage!" shouted Matt. "The pursuit of absolute greatness always claims its victims! That's what history teaches us! And I will not allow my friends to die because of your delusions of power! So tell me what you were doing right there on that rock wall and portal!" "Never mind," the archivist conceded with surprising ease. "If you really want to know: I used what's called a time stopper when I entered your world to prevent other archivists from following me. The artifact freezes the flow of time within twenty meters for one minute." "So what?" urged Matt. "To make the time stopper permanently block the passage, I coupled it with a trilithium crystal. An admittedly risky measure, because if it malfunctioned, it would set off a cascading effect that would very likely level anything to the ground that didn't protect itself with an implosion shield." "And that's exactly what's going to happen, isn't it? Because you wanted to cover your tracks, according to the scorched earth principle. To artificially provoke that, you manipulated the crystal," Matt combined. He still remembered the scene well, how he had stood there among bushes and shrubs while Patrem had retrieved something from a crevice and worked it with his laser gun. "Exactly! And that's why it's not a good idea to fly back," the archivist said. But Matt wasn't listening. Even if the entire universe was against him, he would still run against it. Because it was his nature. Matthew Drax would not abandon his friends or the love of his life.