"I don't believe any of this," Betty muttered for the umpteenth time in the last few hours. Incessantly, she paced up and down the cramped cell. "I'd love to wring that Pounder's neck." They had locked her and Michael together in a jail cell in the basement of the building. She hadn't even thought there was such a thing here. Because of the scientific pretense, she had probably forgotten a little too thoroughly that DINO-LAND was a restricted military area, and everything that had to do with it was under the control of the military high command. So also this research center. There were six cells in all, but the remaining five were empty. "I'm sorry you got into trouble because of me, Betty," Michael Atkinson assured him. Slumped over, he sat on one of the two cots. Given the situation they were in, they had dropped the formal salutations. "If I had known about this before ..." Betty waved it off. "Nobody could have guessed that. Otherwise, I would have hedged my bets very differently. But that general is going to get in the trouble of his life, I promise you. They know where I am in the newsroom, and they'll know pretty quick if I don't come back." "I've rarely had to deal with the police, much less the military," Michael explained. "But I know from watching TV that we have the right to a phone call and a lawyer." "I'm afraid it's not that simple here," Betty replied dejectedly. "We have not committed a criminal act in the civil sense. When it comes to national security, different standards apply. Pounder is perfectly justified in arguing that if we call, there's a danger we might leak state secrets, because apparently that's how he classifies the news." "Maybe Professor Schneider can do something for us," Michael interjected hopefully. "He didn't seem to agree with the whole thing." "More than that, he can't stand Pounder," Betty added. "That was unmistakable. But his personal opinion is irrelevant. I don't think he can do much for us. He's just a scientist and has nothing to do with security issues like this."