 Griseldis now went with Gilda to the Countess's chambers. She held the child by the hand so that she would not touch any of the objects lying around. Slowly they went from one room to the other. Finally they entered the bedroom; and for a moment Griseldis stood stunned. Yes, this was the room she had seen in her dream, with all the details of the furniture. She approached the bedside cabinet. But her suspicion of finding a similar picture with a dolphin frame above it was not confirmed. There was no picture at all on the wood paneling. And the patterned woods interlocked so smoothly and without gaps that there could not possibly be a secret door to a closet. She visualized how in her dream image the hand and the arm grew out of the wall and how this hand dropped the three mother-of-pearl balls into the wine glass. And suddenly she flinched. There on the wall, in the same place where the picture was hanging above her, she saw three round mother-of-pearl leaves inlaid in the paneling. And these mother-of-pearl leaves looked exactly like the three balls that had fallen into the wine glass in her dream. As if magnetically attracted, she pressed firmly on the top mother-of-pearl leaf. But it did not move. Now she pressed on the second one. But this one also did not give way in any way. But when she pressed very hard on the lowest leaf, it gave way. It retreated into the wall, and at the same time a soft snapping sound was heard. And quietly, one of the large, composite wooden squares slipped out of the paneling. It was a door to a closet just like the one upstairs in Griseldis' room. She trembled with excitement and looked into the closet. It was empty and had exactly the same shape as the one in her room. It was built into the thick, round tower wall, just like the one upstairs. At its widest point, the closet was a good three feet deep. Now she leaned into the closet and tapped the floor. It sounded just as hollow and dull as above. There was certainly no solid wall under this wooden floor, but a hollow space. If her assumption was confirmed that there were cavities in the tower behind the mirror and behind the tapestry stretched in a frame, to which the mirror and tapestry formed the doors, then the tower room was separated from the countess's bedroom only by the wooden floor of this closet, when the secret doors were open over there and over there. Her dream took on meaning through this discovery. Here from the wall, which served as a door of the closet, the hand, the arm had come out in her dream. And from this hand drops fell into the wine glass of the countess. How, if through this closet a criminal hand would have found the way, which would have put the poison into the wine glass of the countess? The murderer must have found the way to his victim, if her assumptions were correct, through the tower. And in the tower, on a landing, were the traces of a woman's drag. "Father in heaven, forgive me if I offend an innocent woman by my suspicions. But help me to shed light on this mysterious matter, help me to bring his innocence to light."