But after only a hundred meters, Aruula braked. She had not forgotten why they had come here. Not to destroy or flee from a robot, but to save the people of Rome. "What do you want me to do, Maddrax? Tell me what to do," Aruula pleaded. She aimed the glider's nose at the portal that had caused all this chaos. Should she shoot at it and destroy the time stopper? Hectically, she searched for the buttons to make the glider's weapons systems ready to fire. But what if that only triggered the disaster even faster? A movement behind her! Startled, Aruula wheeled around. It was Maddrax! He was holding onto the back of the copilot's seat, barely able to stay on his feet. "It's too late," he gasped, coughing. "Time's running out. Just get us up there, full thrust!" Down on the ground, the air began to shimmer as if a thunderstorm of energy was being discharged between it and the ground. Aruula saw the rock wall blur. A moment later, two more archivists emerged from it in quick succession. When they saw Patrem, they raised their laser weapons, shaped like spears, and fired several volleys at once. "Now, Aruula!" The warrior pressed the alarm start button again, gave maximum thrust to the engines. The glider shot skyward as a shimmering bluish hemisphere inflated beneath them. It grew further and further, higher and higher, had almost reached the ship. Elms fires were already beginning to flicker across the glider's bottom plate, when the sphere reached its greatest expansion and stopped behind them. Maddrax reached past it and stopped the climb. He switched one of the monitors to the downward-facing camera. From a safe distance, they watched the energy bubble collapse in on itself. What was left behind was wasteland. All of Rome had disappeared, dissolved into nothingness, and the thorn hedge was gone, too. It took Aruula a while to tear herself away from this sight. So many souls wiped out in one fell swoop! How must Maddrax have felt, risking everything to prevent it? "We tried..." she began, but stopped and reached for him as Maddrax toppled to the side. He had lost his senses. Probably only adrenaline had kept him on his feet. She held him tightly and let him sink gently to the ground. An arrow had hit him - had he been poisoned? She had to give him an antidote. In the emergency kit hanging on the back of the cockpit was an antitoxin; that's what Maddrax had called it when they'd gone over the contents. It was supposed to help him. As she detached the case from the wall, her eyes fell on the BagBox lying further back in the glider. It had escaped destruction, but was that an advantage? Who knew how many terrible weapons were stored in it, as in the Pandoora's box? From one of the bunks, Aruula retrieved a pillow, which she slipped under Maddrax's head. She then searched for and found the antitoxin and injected him with a small dose. Now all she could do was wait and hope. Maddrax was breathing more calmly and evenly now. Gently she stroked his face, bent down and kissed him softly on the lips. "That was close, my brave warrior," she whispered to him. "Too close. Don't ever do anything like that again, or I'll rip your pretty head off myself." Then she stood up and looked at the flight controls. The course to the hydrite city of Rymaris was already pre-programmed, she just had to dial it up and confirm. And she had to operate the radio. At least Ydiel and Quart'ol would certainly be waiting impatiently for a sign of life from them.