 And so, as if fleeing from this thought, she ran into the forest. She went down the castle hill and on and on along the narrow, intersecting forest paths. How long Griseldis had been walking, she did not know, when suddenly she stumbled and stopped. There she had arrived at a wide road, which she did not know. She looked around her, awakening from her thoughts. A glance at the clock taught her that it was time to turn back. At that moment she heard the rolling of a light wagon and the thudding of horses' hooves. She glanced down the street and now realized that an elegant, light dogcart, driven by a lady, was coming along. A groom sat behind her with his arms folded under him. "Seldis! Is that really you?" "Tilly! My God - Tilly - how did you get here?" Tilly von Sarnow threw the reins to Groom and jumped down from the carriage. "I am staying in Dalheim for a few weeks. In confidence, I will reveal to you at once - I have become engaged to the young Baron Fritz Dalheim." "Let me heartily wish you happiness on your engagement. Be as happy as you deserve to be. And now to me. I have been working as a governess at Treuenfels Castle since March." "Holy sorrow! You've always been a very courageous person. You proved that when you saved my little sister from drowning and pulled her out of the water at some risk to her life. But that you have accepted this position - that is foolhardy." "Why?" asked Griseldis gravely. "Yes, aren't you afraid of Count Treuenfels?" "No, Tilly, I am not afraid of him. I knew, even before I came to Treuenfels, that the count was innocent." "You knew it? Did you have any proof of it?" "No, but there was no need of such proof. The Lady Domina of the Convent of St. Mary taught me to believe in his innocence. And if you have once looked into this man's face, you know for certain that he is incapable of such a deed. But tell me, Tilly, if someone told you from me that I had committed murder, would you believe it?" "No - absolutely not." "Well, you see, that's how I feel about Count Treuenfels. Tilly, you once asked me to name a great wish that you could grant me. For me, I would never make such a wish. But now - now I would know something with which you could do me a great, great service." "If it is in my power, I will do it." "I beg you, Tilly, to endeavor to determine your betrothed to seek out Count Treuenfels, to shake hands with him once, to say to him, 'I believe in your innocence, for I know you better than your judges.' - You have no idea how he suffers from being shunned. The powerlessness to refute the shameful suspicion makes him quite miserable. If only I could convince you that Count Treuenfels is innocent. Will you grant my request, Tilly?" "I will grant your wish, Seldis, my word on it. Now I will use all my influence to determine my betrothed to follow his own heart at last in this matter." The two ladies had come up to the road again. And there, at the same time, they saw a horseman. Tilly beckoned to him. "Fritz - Fritz! Oh please, come here!" she called to the rider. And turning to Griseldis, she said, "You can witness for yourself in a moment how I will keep my promise." Baron Dalheim had dismounted from his horse and was coming quickly toward the two ladies. He was a fresh appearance, and his eyes revealed that he loved his bride dearly. "You wanted to meet me, Tilly?" he asked, kissing her hand. "Yes, Fritz, and I am glad I did, for I found here quite unexpectedly on my way my best friend, Griseldis von Ronach, the savior of our Ruth. Mama and I have told you much about her." "My gracious lady, my bride raved about you in an enthusiastic manner. - But now I am delighted to meet you." "The feeling is mutual, Baron." "Dear Fritz, now I have something much more important to discuss with you. Hear me out," said Tilly eagerly, seizing a button of his riding jacket and telling him what she had just discussed with Griseldis. Baron Dalheim listened visibly agitated, and when Tilly was silent, he looked thoughtfully into Griseldis's eyes. "I am ashamed before you because I did not stand up for Count Treuenfels in the same way as you do. I have been ashamed for a long time that I evaded him then and refused him my greeting. Otherwise, God knows, I always know exactly what I want, but in this matter I have been in a miserable indecision. If he let me depart coldly now, I could not even blame him." "He won't do that, Baron," Griseldis replied with conviction. "I don't think so either, Fritz; I promised Griseldis to appoint you to go and see the Count. And I now beg you heartily to do it." "I have allowed myself to be influenced by Mama's anxious misgivings. So, Fräulein von Ronach, you have my word, I will come to Treuenfels tomorrow." "Oh, how I thank you, Baron, and you too, Tilly. Believe me, you are doing a good, noble work." "Your merit is much greater, after all. I will tell Count Treuenfels how bravely you stood up for him." Griseldis raised her hands in fright. "O no, tell him nothing of my having spoken to you. Your coming would be of only half value to him. Please let him believe that you yourself have found your way to him. That will make him much happier." The bride and groom now took their leave of Griseldis.