Stella waited in vain for Patrick that evening. Finally, she left the small house by the river to pick him up. She believed that he had to stay longer on the estate because of some important work. Only hesitantly did she enter the large courtyard. She had never been here before. A maid ran into her. Stella asked her about Patrick. The girl was startled and asked, "Yes, don't you know yet?" "What?" cried Stella. Suddenly the great fear for Patrick was awake again. Now Stella couldn't understand why she hadn't worried about him today. "Patrick fell into the silo, he's in the hospital in Cork." The girl shrugged. "The doctor didn't have much hope that Patrick would pull through." Stella ran from the yard. She had to get to Cork. As fast as she could. Preferably by cab. But to do that, she had to get money first. So she ran back to the little house. On the wide path that led along above the little house, a carriage stopped. Duke Robert jumped out and came toward her with quick steps. "I've only just heard what happened to Patrick, Miss Stella. Come on, I'll take you to the hospital in Cork. Surely you want to see Patrick." Stella stood frozen, looking steadfastly into Duke Robert's bright little eyes. "You didn't know what happened to Patrick before?" she asked, "What's that question? Hurry up so we don't lose any time. Patrick's life is in danger." Duke Robert wanted to grab Stella's arm to pull her toward the car. But Stella took a step back. "I don't need your help. There is no way Patrick fell into the silo by himself. He must have been pushed into it. By one of your helpers?" Her voice grew louder. "I see right through you." Stella ran to the front door. "You're a devil!" Duke Robert's face had lost all color. "You don't know what you're talking about," he groaned. "Why should I want to make a play for Patrick Donald's life? That man doesn't interest me at all. I was only trying to help you." "Patrick Donald doesn't interest you? You're not fooling me. You know better than Patrick and I what you have to fear from him. It has not escaped your notice that Patrick has a borrowed name. You fear the hour when he will find his true self again. They have heard that he remembered a servant named Taylor and a horse known as Lord Archibald. If Patrick is no longer alive, then I will ... then I will you ..." Stella sank to the threshold, unable to voice her threat, the pain for Patrick overwhelming her. The man in front of her, however, knew what she had wanted to say. His face contorted into a grimace. "The mistress of the servant Patrick Donald threatens to kill me. I will have you sent out of the country, Miss Stella. You don't seem to know the power of the Dukes Young of Windhome." Stella rose to her feet. She swayed and had to hold on to the door handle. "Yes, that power seems very great, Duke Robert." She unlocked the front door and disappeared. Duke Robert went to his carriage and drove back to the castle. There his mother was waiting. But not until news came from the hospital in Cork that Patrick Donald had died could he tell her about the collision with Stella.