The next morning Magnus Rittner waited in secret excitement for Rosemary's appearance. She was to meet him at his private office at ten o'clock. He knew that a long solitude lay ahead of them, and he feared and hoped all sorts of things from this solitude. His excitement was to be heightened by a letter his brother had received in the early morning mail, which he brought over to him. "There has just arrived a strange letter to me, Magnus," he said. "What kind of a letter, Fred? From whom?" asked Magnus, somewhat absent-mindedly. "From a gentleman named von Heinzius. This letter seems to me not unimportant, because it may open up a possibility for us to arrange Fräulein von Salten's departure from here without bias." Now Magnus Rittner's attention was brightly awakened. "What has the letter to do with Fräulein von Salten?" "Very much. Just read it." Magnus seized the letter and read. Dear Sir! You will graciously forgive me for taking up your time on a private matter. Recently I saw from a newspaper that the Countess Rosenberg has died at Alteichen Castle. That a young lady who had been engaged as a companion by the Countess is now in your house as a companion of your wife's spouse, I subsequently brought to my attention. I had traveled to Alteichen Castle to speak to Fräulein von Salten. I was directed to Frau von Schwarzburg, who told me the present whereabouts of Fräulein von Salten. Unfortunately, I am prevented from seeing Fräulein von Salten at the moment, but I do not want to waste any time in presenting my request to her. Please, have the goodness, if Fräulein von Salten is really in your house, to forward her the enclosed letter. There is only one case in which I would ask you to refrain from doing so and to return the letter to me - namely, in the case that Fräulein von Salten might be engaged. So that you are not in the dark and understand me, I want to tell you openly that in the enclosed letter I ask Fräulein von Salten for her hand in marriage. This is not the first time. Shortly after the death of Fräulein von Salten's mother, when she had just taken up the position with the Countess Rosenberg, I applied for her once before. I had met her half a year earlier, and she had made a deep impression on me. However, she behaved in such a way that I did not dare to court her. Shortly before her death, however, her mother gave me hope in a letter that Fräulein von Salten would accept my application. And so I wrote to her and asked her to marry me. She rejected me on the grounds that she did not love me and could not belong to a man without love. But in the meantime, Fräulein von Salten has grown five years older and perhaps thinks differently today. Perhaps, after years of dependence, she prefers to become my wife after all. I have a shining lot to offer her, for I am rich and independent, and what I once leave behind will be hers. I have written all this in the following letter to the young lady. And if she has not yet committed herself elsewhere, I ask you and also your wife, to whom I am recommended, to support my request. I would be very happy to receive a favorable reply. Respectfully Karl von Heinzius Magnus stroked his forehead as he read the letter. Fred laughed. "A strange suitor, isn't he, Magnus? But perhaps Fräulein von Salten is really not averse to accepting this brilliant provision today. She probably didn't know then how bitter the lot of dependence is." Magnus Rittner drew a compressed breath and looked fixedly before him. Then he straightened up tightly. "Please, give me the letter intended for Fräulein von Salten. I want to give it to her myself." Fred looked affectedly into his pale face. "Magnus-what is the matter with you? You have grown so pale, and look as if something bad had happened to you." Magnus jumped up and walked up and down a few times excitedly. Then he stopped in front of his brother and looked at him seriously. "I want to tell you what's on my mind, Fred. I want you to know at last. I love Rosemarie von Salten, loved her even back in Cairo, and resigned with a woeful heart when she turned her love to you. I have not been able to forget her in all these years. And since I saw her again, the feeling has become even more powerful." Affected, Fred grasped his brother's arm. "Magnus! I had no idea about that!" Magnus smiled strangely. "You shouldn't have had any idea of it either - after all, I wasn't even going to admit it to myself. For your sake, I repressed my feelings then and showed myself to her reserved and cool. And then came the revelation about her mother and our quick departure. I forced myself to think of her calmly. But I could not forget her. And now, when I saw her again, everything I felt for her awoke again in intensified measure. And now nothing stands between her and me. Your love for her has died out, and her mother's past seems so trivial to me after all the terrible things I experienced in the war. But even if it were otherwise - if I could win Rosemary's love, I would not ask who and what her mother was. My love is strong enough to carry her and me through it all. But you? What would you say to that if I made her my wife?" Thoughtful and deeply moved, Fred looked for a while into his brother's twitching face. He saw it working in Magnus. He had never seen him like that before. Amazed, he realized how powerful his sensation must be. After a while, he put his hand on his shoulder. "You're right, Magnus, the war and all the upheaval of circumstances has reevaluated everything. Today, what we once thought was important seems trivial to us. And I stand moved before the confession of your love. I, too, cannot close my mind to the realization that Rosemarie von Salten suffered innocently and is a valuable person. Therefore, if you win her love and receive her consent, I will joyfully welcome her as a sister-in-law. A better solution could not be found." With a firm grip Magnus grasped his hand. "I thank you." Fred shook his head with a smile. "You don't owe me any thanks, Magnus. How much more I am indebted to you! I will only wish that Rosemary's heart may turn to you fully." Magnus breathed a deep sigh of relief. "Without hope I am not. Sometimes these days I have read something in her eyes that made me hope. This letter from Herr von Heinzius shall bring me certainty. I want her to read it. If she accepts his advertisement, my hope was in vain. If she rejects it, it shall be a good sign to me, and then I will ask her if she loves me." Fred squeezed his hand. "My wishes will be with you." Magnus looked at his watch. "I must send you away now, Fred, at ten o'clock Rosemarie wants to be here." "Good-bye, then - and good luck, Magnus!" The brothers parted.