Only when Paul spoke to the prince the next day did he realize that someone really took this engagement seriously and even approved of it. Paul had wanted to reveal the cards and then tell the prince that he had stepped in as a stopgap until the princess recovered from the shock that Alessandra and Julien had discovered their love for each other. As soon as Leonie could think clearly again, he, Paul von Bierow, would fall back into anonymity... That's what he wanted to say and some other phrases he had thought up during the night so that the prince would not find out how dear Leonie was to him. Because Leonie and he did not fit together. Leonie was a princess, he only a count. He had studied and was gifted, but came from a family whose property had been lost forever in the war. They had never made it to wealth, only to a small estate in the Lüneburg Heath. So what could he offer a princess who lived in a castle - and was crying her eyes out because a prince with a castle and beauty and money and the right ancestors had been taken away from her? Those had been Paul's nightly musings. Now, however, the prince met him as he entered the study with outstretched arms and led him to an octagonal table in a window alcove. "My dear Herr von Bierow, you cannot imagine how happy I am about the engagement. Please take a seat. A cognac, a martini?" "A small cognac, please," Paul said, trying to hide his surprise. The prince apparently wanted no explanation for this engagement that had sprung from the ground, and perhaps it was better for all concerned. There were no questions, not even about how one sister could steal the groom from the other in such a short time. Paul suddenly felt quite comfortable in his skin again. The prince had stepped up to a drinks cabinet and returned with two swigs and a French cognac. He sat down in one of the two leather armchairs, whose design was reminiscent of the furnishings of a London gentlemen's club. Wolfram von Wallmenroth poured. He raised his glass and toasted Paul. "I could imagine you taking our name after you marry Leonie. Julien de Sablemer would certainly not do that." The prince suddenly looked embarrassed. "Forgive this intrusion, but it is such a fad with families whose name dies out through the male line." "Your Highness, surely you know that nowadays a woman can also be the bearer of the name." "Of course I know that, but the man must agree. If he continues to please himself as Herr Meyer and expects her to be called Frau Meyer, then ..." The prince shrugged his shoulders. "That can present a young woman with a conflict of conscience." "But Serene Highness, don't you think that ..." Paul cleared his throat sheepishly. "That all these things are being brought up prematurely? Leonie and I have only just met. And it could be, after all, that the princess suddenly discovers that I'm too tall or too short for her." The prince laughed. "Too small most certainly not, dear Count. But as for getting to know each other, it may have been brief, yet you were engaged - there's no doubt about that at all, is there?" "We did get engaged," Paul admitted. He raised his glass to take a very thoughtful sip. "Perhaps I shouldn't assault you with my desires like that right away. As a son-in-law you would be agreeable to me for another reason." "So?" "I have been looking over the records from Sablemer. I believe you are a financial genius. I would trust you with every cent sight unseen." "But Serene Highness, you want to see that from the documents?" The prince pointed to the desk. "I have a telephone, too. And what I heard pleased me." This time it was Paul who let out a laugh, but an incredulous one. "That can't be! Castle Sablemer is not Wall Street!" "But the way you got Sablemer out of the red, funnily enough, is what Wall Street was watching." The prince raised his glass. "Now do you understand why I'm happy about you?"