Baron Dalheim had been led into a salon. There Countess Beate had received him. When Harro entered the castle and heard that Baron Dalheim was in the salon with the Countess, he sent the servant to the Baron and asked him to come into his study. He did not want any witnesses at this meeting with his former friend. Standing tall, but very pale, he was in the middle of his study when the Baron entered. For a while, the two men stood silently facing each other. The Baron was also visibly aroused. And the Count's proud, truthful eyes fully defeated the Baron's last misgivings. He now strode quickly toward his friend with outstretched hands. "Harro - dear Harro - can you forgive me?" Harro winced and stroked his forehead. "Forgive you, Fritz? You ask me to forgive you - you - who didn't want to know me a little while ago?" "Yes, Harro, that's why I'm asking you to forgive me. I can say nothing for my apology but that I have listened to my mother more than to my own heart. After all, my mother doesn't think you're guilty either - but I guess women have a harder time rising above such a situation than men. I was out of balance because of the trial and everything that was connected with it. And when I met you in the forest, I turned tail out of a very stupid, inexplicable feeling. I have regretted that a thousand times. But now I have finally found the courage - and here I am, Harro. Please - give me your hand and forgive me. Strike, Harro - don't shame me any more, though I deserve it." Harro had listened with rising excitement. It was as if a terrible spell were loosening from his soul. Slowly, as if groping, he put his hand in his friend's. "You do not know what I have suffered, Fritz. There are terrible months behind me. How I have endured them, I don't know myself. I still can't believe that you are standing next to me again, hand in hand. Everyone has fallen away from me except the few people who share my loneliness." "It will be different, Harro. Like me, many others will come to their senses and find their way back to you. And I will now stand firm and true to you, Harro - and with me my bride, Tilly von Sarnow." "The one you met at your uncle's." "Yes - the same one. Tilly gave me her consent at last - and now she is at Dalheim, and our engagement is published. And I am to greet you warmly, though unknown, from my bride." "She sends her greetings to an outcast? Then she must be very generous." "Yes, she is a splendid creature, and her heart and mouth are in the right place. She would have loved to come to Treuenfels herself. - But her mother said it would not be possible. And so she let me go alone with a lot of good admonitions and - yes - and with a mission. My bride has learned that a friend of hers, a Fräulein Griseldis von Ronach, is staying at your house." "Fräulein von Ronach - indeed, she is my daughter's governess. And you say your bride is friends with her?" "Yep, not just so country friends - it's a real, right friendship between the two of them. They went to school together and have been almost inseparable. My bride raves about this friend and her whole family raves with her. This Fräulein von Ronach must be quite an extraordinary creature. And besides, my bride's family owes a great debt of gratitude to the young lady. Fräulein von Ronach saved my bride's sister, who was six years younger, from drowning - and saved the then twelve-year-old girl at her own peril." "That's just like her. But she never spoke of saving a human life." The baron looked at him inquiringly. "Hmm! So you seem to have a high opinion of her, too, like the whole Sarnow family." "One can only have a great opinion of Fräulein von Ronach if one knows her," said the Count warmly and with conviction. "I am glad to hear that from you. So, as I said, my bride has learned that Fräulein von Ronach is here in Treuenfels, and she has now instructed me to greet the young lady from her and to invite her most cordially to visit her in Dalheim. You will allow her to visit my bride, won't you?" "Of course! I will introduce you to her."