Digging?" Corman huffed in disbelief as Richards pulled two shovels from the trunk of the car along with two rifles. "You've got to be kidding! You seriously want us to dig under the fence?" "That's right. All those rumors about the fences supposedly being so complicated are all just deliberate to scare people off," Richards claimed. "It's just to prevent anyone from going into DINO-LAND the way we did. Barriers don't help against the dinosaurs anyway, at least the big ones. You register them by an alarm as soon as the fence is destroyed. The rest is done by the helicopters. My informant says the fence doesn't even reach half a meter into the ground. So we just dig under it. Sometimes the solutions to the most difficult problems are much simpler than you think." "I'm beginning to wonder why I hired you in the first place if everything is so simple." "Because without me, you wouldn't have the relevant information in the first place." Richards watched Corman take the canister from the back seat. "Now, you're going to tell me what's in that thing." "Something I need for my work. I want to take different samples," Corman lied. "That's all you need to be interested in." "All right, I guess it's really none of my business. Now help me with the tarp first." Together they covered a sand-colored plastic sheet over the vehicle and shoveled some additional sand on top. Even a helicopter on a patrol flight passed by here, the car could not be detected in the dark this way. Otherwise, the pilot would certainly have been suspicious of an abandoned car parked in the middle of the desert so close to the fence. After all, they were already in the restricted area here, too. They trudged the last nearly hundred yards over to the fence and began digging. The dry sand offered them little resistance, at most slipping a little at a time. It took them only a few minutes to dig a hole large enough to crawl under the fence, which actually ended not even half an arm's length deep in the ground. "There you go." Richards grinned with satisfaction. "If people knew how easy this was, they'd probably come in droves." He thrust one of the rifles into Corman's hand. "Here, from now on it's going to be dangerous. But don't use it unless it's an emergency. I hope you really can handle it as well as you claim." "I'm not a crack shot, but my father used to take me hunting a lot. I'm not likely to miss a brachiosaurus or any other beast that size." "It's just that no one will care then," Richards returned coldly. "If a giant beast like that shows up, they'd better get their legs together just like I did and find a good hiding place, because a beast like that probably wouldn't even feel a bullet. Now come on, let's hurry up. The hardest part is still ahead of us because we have absolutely no cover here. If you hear a helicopter, throw yourself down flat immediately." The distance between the fence and the jungle here was close to two miles. But just because of that, at least they had no trouble finding the right area. It formed an alcove a good mile wide between the jungle to the right and left of it, which had already advanced considerably. The two-mile distance to the edge of the forest, however, posed a considerable problem, because apart from isolated groups of rocks and small sand hills, the landscape was completely flat. Here they really had to be spotted from a distance, especially since the sky was starry and the two-thirds round moon showered the desert with silver light. From the direction of the jungle occasionally the distant roar of a dinosaur penetrated to them over, otherwise it was dead quiet. They went on their way. They left the shovels and merely heaped some sand on top. Boris Corman kept glancing at his wristwatch. It was just after half past eight. From Sacramento, where Richards lived, it had taken them about three hours to reach the small town of Beatty, which was closest to the area of the quake. That put them well within schedule. They had enough time to reach the jungle and hide there until the quake began. The march, however, proved more difficult than Corman would have expected. His feet sank into the yielding sand with each step, where invisible hands seemed to tug at them. The canister, light in itself, and the rifle that hung from a strap over his shoulder seemed to grow heavier with each passing minute. Now it was taking its revenge that Corman had not exercised at all in the past few years. He was in miserable physical condition, no longer used to any kind of exertion. Several times he asked for a break, but Richards categorically refused, saying it was too dangerous.