When she got back to her room, she looked down at her suitcases indecisively. Should she really unpack them? She couldn't possibly stay here. But the unfortunate contract she had so carelessly signed? It bound her for years. What could she do to get out of here? Since Mrs. Ellen was not allowed to notice anything, it was very, very difficult. And even if the contract had not been - where should she go so suddenly? To look for a new position? That was not so easy. She could perhaps approach Frau von Schwarzburg again but how should she explain that she did not want to stay with Frau Rittner? But the thought of Magnus Rittner calmed her down a little. He knew her plight and would do everything in the interest of his brother and sister-in-law to help her get away. As soon as she could speak to him undisturbed, she would ask him to do so. Rosemarie recalled her conversation with Magnus Rittner. How well and sympathetically he had looked at her, how warmly his words had sounded! She listened within herself as if she still heard those words. And her heart was beating loud and strong. And as much as she longed to be away from here, she knew that if she had to part from him, it would go through her again like a tear through her heart. Why? Why did the very thought of this separation hurt her? Why did she care so much more about his opinion than about anyone else's? Why had she thought only of him all these years? With wide eyes she looked in front of her and suddenly slapped her hands in front of her face. "Because I love him - oh, my God - I love him! I must have loved him even then in his brother. That is why it hurt me so much that he rejected me than that his brother did. I did not know my own heart. Now I know it, I love Magnus Rittner!" She sank down as if under an overwhelming realization. And it sang and sounded at the same time in her soul: Magnus Rittner, I love you. In spite of all the heartache, this realization filled her with a quiet consecration. Her life could not become completely worthless again. That she could feel this love and that she knew that Magnus Rittner believed in her innocence and pitied her, that was despite everything a secret happiness, even if it was mixed with hot pain. And with an almost joyful confidence that her cause was well in Magnus Rittner's hands and that he would help her, she rose and unpacked her things. If she did not do so, it might attract attention. After all, they were quickly packed away again when she was free.