Quart'ol felt his scales literally stand up as he, along with Shin'loa, Aruula, Guan'ril, and the other warriors, ran down that corridor back into the kennel complex that he had used as an escape route only a few hours ago. Back into the lion's den, he thought to himself. And thanks to Maddrax, he even knew that lions had actually made their appearance in the arena here in times past. Basically, it was a paradox to be in a place that had apparently existed and still existed in so many different versions at so many different times. I wonder if I also existed several times. And what would happen if I suddenly came face to face with this other me? he thought to himself. He tried to spin this thought further, but the possibilities seemed so manifold that it was beyond his imagination. It was tedious to progress so crouched through the ancient aqueduct system. The ground was covered with a fetid sludge in which a fauna all its own seemed to have formed. Even this realization did not add to Quart'ol's sense of well-being. "We'll be right there," said Aruula, who was walking in front of him, signalling him to pass the word. Quart'ol turned and signaled the other hydrites behind him to be quiet. If the entrance was still undetected, at least they had the element of surprise on their side. But as they gathered under the drainage grate, the first weakness of their plan became apparent. They could only climb through the narrow stairway one at a time, one behind the other. That meant the first would probably face a superior number of guards. "I'll go first," Guan'ril said with an urgent look at his daughter. "And I'll stick to the soles of his feet," Aruula made clear in a belligerent manner. She seemed to feel guilty for some reason that Ydiel was now in this position. But the most important thing was that he was alive at all. Shin'loa's father gave his men a few more instructions, then they were off. Quart'ol watched as the brawny hydrite struggled through the stairway. A soft scraping sound revealed that he was pushing the cover grate aside. The next moment he was out and Aruula had already half disappeared into the passageway as well. Shin'loa was next, then it was Quart'ol's turn. The passage was narrow, but he was able to pull himself up without effort.