Patrick left Robert, got a horse and rode to the estate. There he met his father at the farm. He asked him, "Is there somewhere I can speak to you undisturbed, Father?" Duke Brian looked at his son in wonder. "Couldn't that have waited until evening?" "No, father." "Very well, then, let us go to my room in the steward's house." Patrick handed his horse to a groom and followed his father. No sooner had the door closed behind them than he asked, "Is it true that you want to marry Mrs. Murray?" Duke Brian's face reddened with displeasure. "You have made a habit of speaking to me in a manner I will not always tolerate, Patrick." "I am waiting for your answer, father." "Very well, then, you shall have it. Yes, I am going to marry Alice Murray. And you will have to put up with it." "That my mother should have a successor barely out of the ground? You mean to marry a woman who was not above being your mistress while my mother was still alive?" "I forbid you to speak of Alice Murray in that tone, Patrick! You must approve of my decision, nor am I master at Windhome." Although Duke Brian spoke in such an agitated manner, his face was already becoming calmer. He came up to Patrick now. "I beseech you, come to your senses. Grant thy father that he may not be alone all the time. You shall not be diminished in your rights in any way if I remarry. You shall remain the heir of Windhome." "That is not what I am concerned with now, father. I just can't bear the thought of another woman taking my mother's place. And I don't understand your liking for Mrs. Murray. She has remained a perfect stranger to me." "That would change if you were a little more approachable, Patrick. Alice complains very much of your unfriendly nature. I'm convinced that if you didn't stand up to her, she'd make an effort to be with you." Patrick looked at his father long and searchingly. "I see that I cannot change your mind, father. I don't want to break with you. I love you too much for that. But don't ask me to come back to Windhome next year, when you'll be married by then." Duke Brian smiled. "You will come, Patrick. I know you, and I know how rooted you are to your home. You won't be comfortable in any other place in the world. And believe me, I will do everything I can to make sure we can live in peace in the castle."