 "Faster! Come on!" shouted Aruula. She squeezed through the narrow drainage channel of the aqueduct system, Quart'ol in front of her, and Shin'loa, much larger by Hydrite standards, in front of him. Aruula could hardly believe that the two were of the same species. The Hydrites of this world were much stockier, taller, and clearly in better shape. Garbage, mixed with rotting bits of bone, covered the floor and stuck to the walls and ceiling. But Aruula would have crawled through worse hells to assist her friend Ydiel. Shin'loa had not given her much hope. The battle between the sauroid and the gladiator with the flowery name "Sawtooth" had begun minutes ago. And on the giant screens set up all over the city, it hadn't looked good for the sauroid. Still, Aruula had to at least try. No one should die alone, with the thought of being left behind. In that sense, it had been both luck and fate that Shin'loa had found her. She knew her way around this maze of underground channels like no other and led them directly under the arena. To the place where another sewer shaft led upwards, a rain drain in the middle of the arena's round. Hydritin had never used this exit before. But it was the only way to rush to Ydiel's aid in his desperate struggle against the gladiator champion. "Hush now. There are only a few more meters," Shin'loa said, slowing her steps. Then she stopped. A beam of light marked the spot where a tube led up to the cover grate. When the hydrite hesitated, Aruula pushed past her, braced one foot against the wall and pushed herself up. Her fingers found purchase in the struts. But to risk a first glimpse into the arena, she had to pull herself closer. So close that the grating pressed patterns into her cheek. Above them, the booming applause of the spectators could be heard. The Coliseum seemed filled to capacity. Obviously, no one wanted to miss the battle with the lizard monster, driven by the voyeuristic lust for blood and agony that was inherent in humans. "What do you see?" asked Quart'ol impatiently. "Not much yet," Aruula returned in a whisper. Straining, she peered farther out. Ydiel had been in the arena for half an eternity now, but as far as anyone could tell from the crowd's reaction, the fight wasn't over yet. Suddenly, dust swirled up. Aruula saw the sauroid, armed with the fragments of a shield and a spear, dancing around a veritable colossus in light armor. The gladiator, in return, had a sparking web and a roaring chainsaw in his hands. Not a very even fight. All the more heroic was Ydiel's resistance and perseverance. "Ydiel is alive!" groaned Aruula. "Still! I must get to him!" She shook the bars tentatively, but they were stuck. "How do we get this damn thing open?" "It took me several days to get the bolts in the catacombs," Shin'loa admitted, visibly distressed. "Don't you guys have bolt cutters? Or maybe a crowbar? Explosives, too, for all I care! Anything we can use to cut our way through!" shouted Aruula indignantly. Quart'ol warned her to be quiet with a hand signal. The warrior from the Thirteen Islands did not wait for the answer. She drew her sword, placed it in a corner of the grate and tried to pry it open. But the grate did not move a millimeter. Quart'ol, who had remained unusually silent so far, came closer and looked at it. "They welded the grate, Aruula," he noted. "Without more effective tools, we don't stand a chance." A stomping sounded above them, as if someone were trying to trample an insect on the ground. Aruula looked between the metal struts again, into the arena. "Ydiel!" she shouted against the screeching and clapping of the spectators. She saw him lying in the dust just an arm's length away, looking in her direction with a pained expression. Had he noticed her? Helplessly, Aruula watched as the gladiator, the electrified net in his left hand, raised his weapon with the other and brought it down with force on the sauroid. Ydiel jerked his spear up and tried to deflect the spinning saw blade. Of course, it got him nothing but a small reprieve. The chainsaw yelped as if it itself was letting out a battle cry as the saw teeth struck the spear shaft and tore it from the sauroid's hand. The hardwood was shredded and scattered in all directions. Ydiel was defenseless against the warrior. "Get up, damn you!" cried Aruula desperately. "You can't give up!" Quart'ol grabbed her by the shoulder, but she slapped his hand aside. "Let me! Leave me if you can't help!" The oiled, muscle-bound champion glared mercilessly down at his victim and raised the heavy saw for the final thrust. One of the camera drones sensationally circled the two fighters and transmitted the image to the huge monitor. Onlookers chanted the name "Sawtooth" and shrieked again as the weapon came down on the sauroid. But Ydiel had not given up yet! Aruula held his breath as he rolled sideways and grabbed Sawtooth's left arm! With the strength of the desperate, Ydiel yanked the gladiator's arm toward him. The net in his hand followed the movement - and became entangled in the descending chainsaw! Aruula didn't realize the ingenuity of this tactic until sparks began to fly. The electrically charged wire mesh was pulled into the chain barrel with a jerk, wrapped itself around the saw in no time, and finally around the giant's entire arm. The gladiator's eyes snapped open in disbelief. His body twitched uncontrollably, his pupils tilted back, frothy saliva ran from the corner of his mouth - but still he stood. The spectators froze, and Ydiel also stared motionlessly at his opponent until the chain finally faltered and the saw exploded with a loud bang. Into the ensuing silence of all-encompassing horror sounded a long-drawn groan. As the giant fell, Ydiel scrambled backward, finally straightening up and jerking both fists into the air in victory pose. The spectators jumped up from their seats and erupted in frenetic cheers. The lanky lizard creature had defeated their mighty champion! "Thank you, Wudan, for standing by him," Aruula groaned as she gazed out at the scene in disbelief. "What's going on! What's happening out there?", Quart'ol wanted to know, pushing up next to her at the grate. "He won," said Aruula. "Ydiel has indeed won."