Marissa was terribly nervous and excited when she then sat in the car and drove in the direction of Bonn. She was almost a little afraid of meeting Carsten's brother. What kind of person was he? So far she knew him only from the photo Lilly had found and from Carsten's meager reports. They had agreed to meet at the restaurant of a highway service area. Because of a traffic jam, Marissa was a little late. She hurriedly walked from the parking lot toward the entrance of the restaurant. As she entered, a man with dark curly hair who had been sitting at one of the tables rose and waved at her. Theo. Marissa breathed a sigh of relief. He still looked a little like the boy in the photo. His smile was thoroughly friendly and encouraged her. "Hello, Marissa," he said, extending his hand to her. "I'm Theo." "Hello, Theo. Thanks for coming." She took off her jacket and settled into the chair Theo had pulled out for her. Before they got down to business, they ordered some food and drink at the counter, which was later brought to their table. Marissa began to tell them about Lilly's illness and explained that a stem cell transplant was the only salvation for her. "Unfortunately, neither we nor your parents or my mother were eligible donors," she summarized. "Now you are my only hope. Carsten and your parents don't know about our meeting yet." After Theo agreed to get tested, he started talking about family matters. He was still deeply hurt about his family's behavior toward him. But he was visibly pleased when Marissa told him that Carsten had left no stone unturned to find him. "I only returned to Germany two years ago," he recounted. "Already in India, I had worked as a coach for children and young people. When I returned to Germany, I had then trained further as a sports coach." "And since then you've been living close by, without having contacted your family again." Marissa found this very sad. "They don't want me anymore." It sounded harsh, but there was sadness in Theo's voice, too. "I think Carsten misses you." Theo shrugged his shoulders. "We were never very close. We were just too different." He was silent for a moment. "What did he tell you about me?" "That your girlfriend was a drug addict, ran in police circles, and took her own life at a party." Theo nodded bitterly. "Yeah, I guess in a nutshell that's what happened. My parents never believed me that I had never taken drugs. I loved Anna. I wanted to help her get off the poison. But she obviously had much bigger problems than I realized. So when she took her own life with an overdose - intentional or not - it was a terrible blow to me." "That's terrible, too," Marissa said sympathetically. "A few weeks ago, I visited Anna's grave again for the first time since I got back from India," Theo talked on quietly. "It was the last time. I said a final goodbye to her and the time back then. That chapter of my life is closed." Silently, he looked ahead without continuing to eat his hamburger. Marissa felt her heart spontaneously flutter to him. She believed every word he said. What an injustice had been done to him! "Thank you for telling me," she said, moved. Theo told a little more about his life, mentioning the accident he had had and the pretty puppeteer he had fallen in love with but lost again. He also spoke of his feelings when he had driven past his parents' store and seen Marissa, his brother and a little girl come out. "I miss my family," Theo confessed. "I'm sure it'll all be okay now," Marissa was convinced. "Not just because you agreed to donate stem cells to Lilly. Your parents just have to realize that they've done you wrong. And Carsten will welcome you with open arms anyway, I imagine." Theo smiled. "That would be nice. But first we have to see if I'm even a match as a stem cell donor for Lilly and if the transplant is successful." "I have a good feeling about this," Marissa said. "And I'm heartily glad you found me," Theo countered. "Me, too." Smiling, Marissa squeezed his hand. As they said goodbye to each other outside in the parking lot, Marissa knew she had found a new friend in Theo. And that he would be a suitable donor for Lilly. Fate could not be so cruel as to shatter even this last hope.