The young Duke Patrick had not made friends with Alice Murray. It offended him that his mother now had a deputy in the castle. When he saw that his mother was being pushed further and further into the background and Alice Murray was acting as if she were the mistress, he rebelled. He reproached his father for behaving inconsiderately toward Duchess Mary. Duke Brian looked at his son in amazement. "No one has ever accused me of that in my life, Patrick," he said. "There has been no reason to, Father. But now everything has changed here. I notice it best when I come to Flause after a long time." "Did your mother complain?" asked Duke Brian, now somewhat guiltily after all. "How can you even ask such a thing, Father? You know very well that mother would never complain." "It would be better if she did sometimes. Your mother is too apathetic. She forgets that at fifty years old I am not yet an old man. Often a loud word would be better than this genteel silence. Your mother's mien of martyredness must depress me. I am still in the middle of life ..." "Father!" interrupted Patrick, looking at him in horror. "You were always happy with mother. I've only known harmony on Windhome. Why do you want to destroy it now?" "I'm not destroying anything. I'm just resisting your reproaching me. We haven't had that either," Duke Brian replied still very gruffly, but then he put his hand on his son's shoulder and looked him in the eye. "Let us not be angry, Patrick. I still love your mother." Despite this assurance, Patrick remained uneasy. He came to Windhome more often than he used to. Even during the semester and by surprise. He saw how uncomfortable this made Alice Murray. He sensed that her kind words were feigned. Therefore, he avoided her and spent most of his time with his mother. Duchess Mary was very grateful to him for this. Alone, she could no longer go to the park. Patrick led her to the flowers and shrubs she had all planted. Often she stood in front of them for a long time, silent, lost in her thoughts. Patrick's heart would then grow heavy. He was afraid that he would soon lose his mother.