"Something's not right here," Michael muttered when they finally reached the house. It stood last at the end of a narrow cul-de-sac on the edge of town, separated from the next buildings by several undeveloped lots. A tall, unkempt hedge surrounded the property, and behind it was a completely overgrown garden. "Why?" wanted Betty to know. "Just because he doesn't have his garden tended?" "The man is a distinguished professor, and should earn so much that a gardener's wages should be no more to him than a tip would be to anyone else. People in such a social class usually pay a lot of attention to appearances. This is rather the dwelling of a hermit who doesn't care about anything around him. The whole place, including the house, looks neglected." "Corman lost his whole family, after all," Betty reminded. "That's just what I'm talking about. All of this makes it seem like he hasn't gotten over that shock. It's kind of ..." Michael shrugged. "Well, it doesn't seem like Corman has started to build a new life for himself. I don't know if you understand what I mean." "I think I do." Betty nodded." But we're hardly going to find out anything by standing idle out here any longer. Come on now." They pushed open the little garden gate, which was only ajar, and approached the house along a narrow path, some of which was already overgrown with weeds. Up close, the garden looked even more overgrown. Everything made an uninhabited impression, so that Michael already considered whether the address was possibly not correct or Corman had moved in recent years. However, when Betty rang the front doorbell, it was opened shortly thereafter, though the security chain remained presented. A gaunt, haggard-looking face emerged from behind the crack and eyed her suspiciously. "What do you want?" the man hissed unkindly. "Betty Sanders, TIME-LIFE magazine," the journalist introduced herself, showing him her press pass. "We'd like to ask you a few questions." "About what?" "Why don't you let us in first, or at least open the door? It's not very pleasant to talk through a crack in the door." Corman hesitated a moment, then unhooked the chain and opened the door. The sight of him startled Betty. She had had several more copies of the articles about the disaster that had led to his family's death faxed through that morning. They had included photos of him as he had looked before the accident, and although the copies had turned out rather poorly, one could clearly see the change he had undergone in the two years since then. He looked haggard and aged by a good number of decades. His hair, dark in the photos, had largely turned gray. There was a flicker in his eyes that Betty couldn't place but that worried her. "So?" inquired Corman. "What do you want to talk to me about? I don't have much time." "We were told you were ill." "That's right, but I hardly think that's why you came." "No." Betty cleared her throat. "I'd like to ask you a few questions about your work at Biochemics. You see, I'm writing a report on DINO-LAND, and you're conducting research related to it ..." "I can't talk about that," Corman interrupted her. "That research is classified." "I'm not concerned with secret results," Betty corrected. "I've already talked to Professor Schneider, and I just want to round out the report a little bit. My point is to remind people that DINO-LAND is not just some kind of tourist attraction, but also poses a tremendous danger. You are working on the project even though you suffered a terrible loss at the hands of one of the prehistoric dinosaurs. I want to help ensure that the dead are not forgotten." "I can't help you," Corman insisted. He suddenly looked very nervous, his gaze flickering more. "Neither do I want to talk about my family, nor about my work. Please leave now." Betty realized that she could not change his mind, but at the same time her opinion that he had something to hide was reinforced. His behavior was not at all normal. She was left with the alternative of either turning back without having achieved anything, or putting all her eggs in one basket and taking a shot in the dark. She gave Michael a questioning look. He immediately understood what she meant and nodded almost imperceptibly. "Then tell me just one more thing," she asked, "What's the deal with this serum for DINO-LAND?" Boris Corman winced like a caught sinner, and by that alone revealed almost more than he could have with words. "What ... serum?" he asked, then realized that pretending was no longer of any use to him. His insecurity turned to aggression. "Leave already!" he angrily groaned. "I have nothing to say to you. If you don't get off my property, I'm calling the police." He pushed her out and slammed the door. Immediately, he could be heard putting the security chain back on from the inside. Betty took a step back and shrugged. "I guess that was a slap in the face," Michael commented. "I wouldn't call it that," Betty objected. "I think you were right earlier. Corman hasn't gotten over the death of his family to this day, and he hasn't found a way to a new life as a result. He's hatching something, and from his reaction, it should be something illegal." "I think so." Michael nodded. "But what? So what do we do now?" "We wait," Betty replied with a grim smile. "But in such a way that he won't see us. Come on, let's pretend to disappear for now. Whatever he's up to, it must be close at hand." "And what makes you think that?" "For two reasons at once," Betty answered as they left the property. "First, there's the horn plate. Whoever carved the message knew you'd find it, and pretty much when, since I'm only staying at the T. Rex Hotel for a few days. Since we were specifically put on Corman's trail, this should also be about the time he was going to do it." "Sounds reasonable to me. And the second reason?" "That was supplied by Corman himself. The man was agitated and completely confused. If that were to be his normal condition, he would be really ill, though mentally, and it would certainly have been noticed by others. I don't think he would still be allowed to work in such a responsible position." She shook her head vigorously. "I rather have the impression that we have disturbed him in something important." They had reached the car. Betty opened the door. "Get in. We'll drive away a bit and watch the house from a distance. I'm sure something will happen soon enough."