Carsten was not to be proved right. When Marissa called Elisabeth Hospital the next morning, she was asked to come here immediately. "I'm so scared," she sobbed. "You have to come with me, Carsten. Business is not so important now." "It will be hard for my parents to cope without us. After all, they're so worried about Lilly themselves, and they want to come to the hospital." Marissa poured herself her third cup of coffee. "Then let them close the store today. They'll be able to handle the financial loss. Lilly goes first now." "Didn't Dr. Gellert say why we should come right away?" "It wasn't Dr. Gellert, it was a nurse. It certainly doesn't mean anything good." "Didn't you ask about it?" "No, I was too confused. Come on, Carsten, let's go!" He let his parents know that they would come to the store later because they wanted to check on Lilly first. For the time being, he concealed the fact that they had been asked to come here immediately. He didn't want to worry them any more. Marissa felt more miserable than she had ever felt before in her life. Her knees were literally shaking as they entered the lobby of Elizabeth Hospital. What news would they have for her in the pediatric intensive care unit? Was Lilly even still alive? She emitted a strangled sound. Carsten reached for Marissa's hand and squeezed it comfortingly. "Isn't that Dr. Bergen who found Lilly?" he called his wife's attention as a dark-blond female doctor stepped out of one of the elevators they were approaching. "Yeah, right. We have to thank her." There had been no opportunity to do so last night, as Dr. Bergen had already returned home. With her hand outstretched, Marissa approached the emergency physician. "Dr. Bergen! We can't thank you enough for finding Lilly. You saved her life." Marissa pointed to Carsten. "This is my husband. Carsten, this is Dr. Bergen, Lilly's lifesaver." He, too, greeted the emergency physician and expressed his gratitude. "What a coincidence that you were in the right place at the right time, Dr. Bergen. Lilly certainly wouldn't have survived the night otherwise." "I only became aware because I heard a small child singing Kling, Glöckchen, klingeling, which I naturally found extremely unusual under the circumstances. After all, it was already dark and snowing. It immediately made me think of your daughter, because she sang that song when I was at your store." Andrea Bergen smiled fleetingly. "I'm sure you can imagine my surprise and also my horror when I recognized Lilly." "How on earth did she get to the Rhine Meadows?" Marissa shook her head. "That's quite a distance from our store, isn't it?" "She was looking for me," the ER doctor explained. "I was blindsided when she told me that. She must have seen a woman out on the street who looked like me and ran after her. A big black raven showed her the way." "Oh, Lilly, my silly little girl!" Marissa sobbed out. "I almost felt a little guilty," Dr. Bergen confessed. "And I feel guilty because I haven't taken Lilly to your husband's office yet," Marissa said. "Instead, I took her to the store." "She really wanted to go to the store herself," Carsten interjected. Marissa sighed. "Because she was convinced that the dear woman with the nice girl would come back that day." "Was she referring to me and my daughter?" asked Dr. Bergen, puzzled. "Yes. She really took a fancy to you because you played so nicely with her and read to her. When she thought she saw you among the passersby, she chased after you or that other woman, respectively." "I'm so sorry," the ER doctor commiserated. "We are very worried because we were asked to come here immediately," Carsten turned to Dr. Bergen. "Do you know anything about Lilly's condition? My wife forgot to ask about it in the excitement." Dr. Bergen's expression became strikingly serious, causing new anxiety to rise in Marissa. "We already have preliminary test results. But I don't want to get ahead of Dr. Gellert. She'll tell you herself." "All right. Then ... then ..." Marissa's voice failed her. Carsten took his wife by the arm. "Let's go see her." They said goodbye to the emergency doctor, who wished them well, and entered the elevator.