At the exact moment he took the first step, the front door swung open and one of the guards sounded the alarm while another got ready to fight. Guan'ril and the others charged forward armed with swords and spears. Weapons clanged on each other. The stomping of more soldiers sounded in the hallway outside the entrance. But the wild hydrites also went into a frenzy. Pandemonium broke out in the cells. Incited by the excitement, the prisoners scuffled among themselves or jumped against the bars. Where was Ydiel? Quart'ol let his gaze wander, but the only thing he saw were the few surviving savages throwing themselves against the bars or tugging at their neck rings and restraining chains, full of rage and flaring fighting spirit. "Let me out!" shouted Ru'kor, snarling. Apparently he survived one more time. But his wounds were worse than ever. His right eye was no more than a sharp hole of flesh. A wide gash gaped on his chest. And the rest of his body was also littered with cuts and other injuries. It was a miracle that he could still stand upright. But Quart'ol's priority was first and foremost the lizardman. A guard charged toward Quart'ol, spear outstretched. The hydrite parried with the only weapon he had found useful in the Circle of Contemplation's trove: a sheathed, forearm-length knife. He managed to deflect the thrust to the side, and in the aftermath rammed his elbow into the soldier's face. The Roman cried out and staggered back, losing his helmet in the process. Enraged, he gripped the spear tighter with both hands. A second soldier joined him and together they circled Quart'ol. As they launched their attack, Aruula abruptly jumped to Quart'ol's side, parrying the attack with her sword while shouting in his direction, "I can't find Ydiel! They must be holding him somewhere else!" Once again, weapons clashed. The barbarian executed a deft spin and delivered a painful kick just below the base of the neck to one of the two attackers as she leapt. Quart'ol, on the other hand, dodged and sent his opponent running into the cell bars. There, Ru'kor grabbed the man's head and snapped his neck with a powerful jerk. "Get me out and I'll tell you where the beast you're looking for is," he said, coughing with effort. "How do I know you're serious?" asked Quart'ol skeptically. He had never trusted the carnivorous Mar'osians, and these savage Hydrites were very much like them. "Because I know and you don't," the hydrite replied with his own unique logic. "Tell me and I promise to free you, should I survive the fight," Quart'ol countered. "That's not enough!" exclaimed Ru'kor. "But the only deal you'll get," the hydrite declared icily. The savage weighed and finally pointed through the front door. "He's champion gladiator now. And as such, you get special treatment." Ru'kor spat out a glob of blood and grinned wryly. "Maybe he doesn't want to come along and be rescued." Quart'ol looked down the corridor. More and more guards were crowding into the cell room, but he still had to try. By now, the rest of Guan'ril's men had climbed out of the tube and were pushing the soldiers as best they could in the confines of the room. Quart'ol set himself down. This might seem cowardly to the others, but he saw Ydiel's rescue as his primary task. The few flickering lights of the torches made it easier for him to advance. The longer the fight went on, the more it smelled of blood; of the fresh blood of the dying and injured on both sides of the cell bars. And even Quart'ol felt the subliminal pull of it. For it had been only a few months since he had had his own involuntary experience with the effects of the Tantron gland.1) They had to find Ydiel before the battle would end in total chaos. So he followed Ru'kor's finger pointing. He ducked under the blow of a Roman and pushed into the shadows as Guan'ril came to his aid and, with a roar, knocked the enemy back.