The next morning Griseldis awoke with the feeling that today was a day of celebration. Baron Dalheim was coming today to shake her friend's hand and tell him that he believed in his innocence. Immediately after breakfast, Griseldis went with Gilda to the pavilion in the park to begin the lesson. The second lesson had just ended when Count Harro came over from the castle. Griseldis called Gilda's attention to this. The latter hurried jubilantly toward her father, and he caught her in his arms. She then pulled him along to the pavilion, and he had to sit down. "Come, Papa, Griseldis is going to tell a fairy tale, and you must listen," said Gilda, making herself comfortable on his knees. Griseldis didn't want to start the fairy tale at first. But he asked for it. So Griseldis told a fairy tale. When her fairy tale was over, he breathed a deep sigh of relief. "You can become a child again, Fräulein von Ronach. You tell a wonderful story. But I didn't quite agree with one point." She looked questioningly into his smiling face. "Your fairy princess had black hair like ebony. I don't like that. Fairy princesses have to have golden hair - like you - then they are only real fairy princesses. I would suddenly have a great desire to be a fairy-tale prince. But unfortunately I'm not one - I'm just a kind of nasty frog prince who doesn't have the right to marry a beautiful princess, but who has to wait nicely until he's released from his hideous, frightening form, which everyone is horrified by." Fortunately, she was relieved of the answer. The servant Heinrich came quickly up to the pavilion. "Baron Dalheim wishes to speak to the Count," he reported. Count Harro set Gilda down and rose with a jerk. He had turned white as a sheet and looked at the servant as if he had misheard. He stroked his forehead. "I'm coming," he said to the servant, and he quickly went back to the castle. "Do you understand, Fräulein von Ronach? Baron Dalheim is coming to see me in Treuenfels! What does that mean?" "It will mean that he has changed his mind, Count." "There will be nothing but disappointment in it," he said wanly, and walked away with heavy steps.