It was a stormy evening with clouds hanging so low that it would snow had it been a little colder. Instead, the storm rattled the whole house and the rain pelted down like pails. Leonie looked up from her desk at the uncomfortable weather outside and felt all the more secure inside. She was writing about what had actually been a successful attempt to bring young and old together. The diplomat's widow had taken in a seventy-year-old mother and her baby in her large house, and it looked as if they were living together to their mutual satisfaction. Leonie, by the way, had only bowed to Paul's wishes insofar as she was not alone during her interviews. Vera or her brother accompanied her. Leonie had actually fainted twice more out of the blue, and perhaps that was why it was a good thing she didn't drive after all. Now she looked around the cozy study. In the right-hand corner, Paul had set up a workstation so he wouldn't have to be away from home so much. To show her how much he appreciated the painting "House with Family Table", it hung above his desk. To Scholz Jr.'s delight, Paul had also bought the two other large Bierow paintings, which now also embellished the shared study. Heath landscape in competition with modern computers. The most exciting scents emanated from Martha's kitchen. Tonight Paul would bring two business colleagues with whom he wanted to discuss something privately. Martha would again prove to be the queen of the cooks, and she, Leonie, was just to be nice and decorative. Therefore, she wanted to bathe and make herself pretty for Paul and his guests. She liked to support Paul in his work, that's what she had been brought up to do. On top of that, she liked to look at her husband when he was discussing or arguing. His calm and determined manner impressed her. And then the little flash in his eyes when he knew he had won the others over to his idea. Then, when he leaned back and relaxed, he would grab his tie each time to hide the quiet smile that flitted across his lips. That mouth ... Leonie had to admit by now that she found Paul's mouth very attractive. She had liked and admired and appreciated and respected Dr. von Bierow right from the start. But the spark that had jumped over with Julien in the first second and had spread to a fire in the second - it still wasn't like that between Paul and her. Although ... there were nights when she thought that everything was already right. And there were days when she even began to forget Julien. Into these reflections the phone rang. Even the way it rang seemed like a threat to Leonie. It was Alessandra. An angry, almost howling Alessandra. "Leonie," she ambushed her sister, and her voice sounded as if she were standing in the middle of a busy street. "Do you see the weather outside?" "Yeah, sure." "And in this weather, Julien just threw me out of the car." "Julien? You? Out of his car? I don't believe it!" "You can believe it! We had a bad fight, and that's when he just opened the door at a stoplight and yelled OUT!" "But, for heaven's sake, where are you?" "In Hamburg or Harburg. On some dumbass thoroughfare. Wait a minute, I'm trying to read the street sign ..." "But why are you in Hamburg? I think you're on Sablemer?" "Julien is here negotiating with a German cosmetics company that might want to carry his Francoise cosmetics and ... But I don't give a damn. I just came along to finally experience something again - and what am I doing here? Standing in the storm and rain, and without a cent!" "You? Why without a cent?" "Because I reached for my coat instead of my purse!" howled Alessandra angrily. "And Julien knows that? I can't imagine that! Such a chivalrous man!" "Pah! Chivalrous! When it comes to his damn cosmetics, he loses all charm and chivalry ... Idiot! Please, pick me up here!" "Why don't you take a cab, and I'll pay for it here?" "No. I ... You come! You have a car, don't you?" "Yes, but I think ..." "And you have a driver's license, too, don't you?" "Yes. But ... Paul doesn't want me to drive on such a stormy night." "Paul wouldn't like that," Alessandra mimicked. "Well, I'll be! And I thought I alone had been so stupid as to confide in a man who turns out to be a stupid macho man, telling me nonstop what I can and can't do. Are men worth that, Leonie? That you, for example, leave your sister standing in the street in this weather and ... Do you want me to catch pneumonia?" "Of course not," Leonie stammered. "I'm going to go and get dressed, and by then you'll find out exactly where you are."