When Leonie got to the gallery on the second floor, she could overlook the foyer and the bar from up here. As then, a man sat there with his back turned to her. Paul, it ran through her, and her knees grew weak. She remembered his words. Suddenly she was afraid, but at the same time a current of warm joy ran through her. Paul was there, everything would be all right. But what would he say? What should she do now? She took a step back, leaned against the wall and closed her eyes. What a mess she had made of her life! When she imagined that she had sacrificed Paul, her child, the house on the Elbchaussee, almost her entire fortune to this unconditional obsession - or even had? - Despair rose in her. The tears that now stuck in her throat were no romantic trickle of a wounded soul, they burned hot - and there was no one there to dry them. Paul had not asked, he had believed in her, while she had run after a fantasy. Were there two loves in a woman's life? A time for crushes and passions, sensations that faded away - and a time for adult love that grew bigger and bigger as it received new nourishment every day? Paul, she thought. If I lost you now, it would serve me right, but it would make me very, very unhappy. I would feel that I had always done the wrong thing in life. To have idolized Alessandra and never resisted her was wrong. To love Julien seriously, even though he is a beautiful butterfly, was wrong. Not to have listened to Paul on that stormy night was wrong. My God, how could she make up for all that nonsense in one fell swoop so as not to lose Paul? She stepped forward to the gallery. He still turned his back on her in a way that allowed her to walk down the stairs unnoticed. Suddenly she realized that he had sat there exactly like that at the first rendezvous, and she realized that perhaps he had rushed from Cuxhaven to protect her even then. Now, too, she could rush down the stairs and approach him from any direction and tap him on the shoulder. From the restaurant, from upstairs, from the washroom. Should she do it? Should she, a princess of Wallmenroth, tiptoe down stairs and make imploring signs to a doorman not to betray her? No, that would be the last mistake she could make! She would not forgive herself, her pride would not allow it. She took her jewelry case and went down the stairs. Aloud, she walked across the foyer. "Paul," she said, praying inwardly that she would be forgiven once again, both her husband and all the other divine powers. He turned around. His face was expressionless. "Paul," she repeated in a somewhat clenched voice, "how good to have you here." He raised her hand to his lips for a kiss and looked into her eyes. This was not a look that lovers or lovers exchanged. No melting, no erotic message, but no anger or indignation either. It was a question to her and to himself. "How's Julien?" She cleared her throat. "He's back on top. He's going to sell Francoise cosmetics tomorrow." "And ... how are you?" "I'm ... a little more mature and wiser," she replied. He brushed a curl from her forehead. A smile came into his eyes, and she recognized again all his wonderful chivalrous, protective nature. He was the kind of man one rarely met. And if he would allow her to start all over again ... She had to smile. He bristled. "What are you smiling at?" "I don't know if I'm allowed to tell you now. It sounds a little absurd. It's about a cannon that's sitting on the castle, rusting away." He looked a little confused. "Does it have anything to do with me?" "If you don't divorce me - absolutely." He took the jewelry case from her. "I've had a bad couple of hours, Leonie. I've realized that there's no way I want to lose you because ... yes, because I love you. Come!" He grabbed her under the arm. "Let's go home."