"You must be careful," Princess Paola admonished her daughter a few days later. "Are you sure?" "Yes. I went to see Doctor Gebhardt. And why should I be careful?" "Because you might end up like me. How gladly do you think I would have given the prince the son he longed for! But I have lost the child. So, take care of yourself. No escapades, especially not in the first three months of pregnancy. Shall I come to you?" "But no! Martha takes care of me. She stuffs me like I'm a Christmas goose, and Paul watches my every move. And all the while I want so much to pursue my new profession. I... You know, I'm going to do it, too. What kind of child is it going to be if you wrap the mother up in absorbent cotton and lock her in the house six months before she gives birth? The poor little thing comes into the world crying out for freedom." "More like freedom of movement," the princess corrected. "Shall we tell Alessandra about the new development?" "Alessandra?" Leonie hesitated. She remembered that Paul had not wanted any connection between them. "How is Alessandra?" "She's been on Sablemer for three months. After that, the two of them want to join us, and I confess to you that the prospect does not please me. After Paul's beneficial intervention, the great saving has broken out at Julien and Alessandra's. You can imagine Miss Universe's testy reaction to this. As always, it's everyone else's fault with her. She blames not only Julien but also Paul for her financial woes ... I'm curious what she'll say when she finds out you're having a baby." "I'd rather not tell her," Leonie said out of a vague feeling. "And why not?" "Just because." "You may be right. Alessandra was dangerous enough when she tried to outdo you everywhere. But now that you're going to win across the board, she's going to hate you." Leonie laughed out. "Me and all along the line a winner? Alessandra has Julien, she has the castle, she has the diamonds, the title, and her beauty." "And you? You have a husband who doesn't commit financial hara-kiri, but is respected; you're trying your hand at writing, you've appeared on TV ... We saw you, by the way, and liked the show - and now you're having a child, too, which your father will be beside himself with joy over, not to mention Paul. Do you know yet if it's going to be a boy or a girl?" "Mom! I just realized I'm expecting a child ... Besides, I'd love to not know if it's a she or a he until it's born. So I don't know." "What do you think about Alexander? Or Luke? Or Belinda?" "Mom!" "Are you sure you don't want me to come over?" "No!" "Tell Martha I'll send her a special menu for expectant mothers." "Mama, please!" pleaded Leonie. "Yes?" "Please stop worrying. I'm not a mimosa, and I'm not a princess on a pea." But Princess Paola was unstoppable. "Did you actually know that on Wallmenroth, when a male heir is born, seven shots of salute are fired with the big cannon?" Leonie had to laugh. "No, I didn't know that. I hope that good piece hasn't gotten rusty by now." "That's precisely why you might want to investigate whether it's a girl or a boy in time after all."