When Leonie talked to Vera about it and asked for her advice, she just shook her head. "These things mustn't get to you," she explained firmly. "You're supposed to report, not save the world. The most you can do in your article is to imply that Dr. Doktor Langen wants to sell a carpet." "But that's exactly what he doesn't want! He's afraid of thieves who might read about it and then break into his house." "Okay, then don't. But you may write that Mrs. von So-and-So wants to go to a nice ladies' home, mayn't you?" Leonie shook her head again. "No. I don't want anyone to know how lonely and alone she is. When I imagine her tumbling down the sweeping grand staircase and no one knowing about it ..." Vera grabbed Leonie's arm. "Listen to me: if these old people weren't all so self-centered, you could go to a home for young mothers and send them a nice young girl and child to live with them. Then one wouldn't be afraid of the burglars coming, and the other would have someone to pick her up ... Hey, are you sure you're all right?" "I'm doing great." "Has Lokalzeit Hamburg contacted you?" asked Vera. "No. What would they want from me?" "They've learned that a real princess here goes from house to house and writes pretty stories with local color. They want to interview you." "Me?" Leonie blushed. "I don't know if I can do that." "Of course you can! On this occasion, after all, you can talk about the fact that you're encountering human problems that you can't handle on your own. If you're lucky, the authorities or the parties will offer you their help. We are on the verge of an election. Everybody wants to be nice. Here ..." She counted out two hundred and fifty euros to Leonie on the desk. "What's that?" "Your fee for this week." "But that's too much!" "Piet doesn't think you're worth your weight in gold, so he raised your fee." Leonie laughed. "So the best way to fame and money after all!" "To fame for sure, if you show yourself on TV now, but to money? You'll use this up over a champagne breakfast, won't you?" "Oh no." Leonie put her hand on it as if it were something very special. "I have another use for that."