"Hello, Your Highness! May one visit you in your garden?" Leonie turned at the fresh voice. On the other side of the fence, a young woman had appeared between the tall trees of life. She beckoned to Leonie. She wore a jaunty bob hairdo and had shiny black cherry eyes. "Or am I interrupting?" the young woman asked. "No, not at all. Come around the outside," Leonie replied. She was curious. She had just been drinking tea in the garden of her house. Paul had rented this idyllic white villa on the Elbchaussee, whose garden went down to the water - the most beautiful residential location, he had said. Leonie had been living here for three months. She called herself von Bierow-Wallmenroth, and only insiders knew that she was a princess. She had tried to take advantage of the cultural opportunities the city offered her, attending theaters, getting private tutors for languages and new yoga techniques. She had even tried to learn how to cook from the cook she had brought with her from the castle. But somehow she still failed to feel truly at ease and to be a happy woman to Paul. Now today, this late September afternoon, she had been busy looking in the illustrated magazines for reports on high society that dealt with Julien and Alessandra's appearance in Munich. The "beautiful couple" had opened their German branch of "Francoise-Kosmetik" and invited people to the superlative event. In the process, they could have won beauty stays at Sablemer Castle. Leonie stacked the magazines on top of each other and waited for the bell to ring. Shortly thereafter, Martha - this time in the dignified posture of a lady of the house - escorted the visitor down the white steps into the garden. "Mrs. Krohn would like to visit you." Leonie smiled. "How nice." She pointed to one of the wicker chairs. "Have a seat. I'm delighted. I haven't had such a spontaneous visitor in a long time. What are you doing here? Are you surveying the lots? Or the height of the fences? Are you drinking tea? Yes? Martha bring another cup, please." The young woman - wearing a T-shirt with the words "Save the Climate" under her leather vest - leaned back and cast an admiring glance at the well-tended garden with its large willow spreading its branches like a theater curtain in front of the Elbe. "I'm not surveying anything, I'm writing for the Nienstadt Sunday paper. I'm doing a series on the residents of the most beautiful villas on the Elbchaussee. Here, every house has its story. This one," she pointed to the back of the patrician house, "once belonged to a consul from Paraguay whose beautiful wife wanted to become an opera singer and therefore ran off with a windy opera singer." Vera Krohn winked. "Passions on the Elbchaussee." "Compared to that, we are downright bores." "You, Serene Highness, as sister of the beautiful Alessandra, the future Princess of Sablemer?" "Half-sister," Leonie improved. "But how did you find that out?" "I have friends everywhere, including at a news agency that deals mostly with society gossip. But I don't write gossip stories." "You wouldn't be in the right place with me there either. Do you think I'm interesting enough? What have I got to show ..." "But Serene Highness - first of all, the princess, because although the Hanseatic people got along as a free Hanseatic city without a king or emperor, they are still snobby enough to be happy about a princess on the Elbchaussee. And then there is your husband. Paul von Bierow is making a name for himself in shipping circles, and that impresses the Hanseatics even more." Leonie pointed to the notebook Vera Krohn had placed on the round tea table. "And what else do you want to know from me?" The young woman picked up the notebook. "Everything that concerns your life. As for the villa, I'll get the information from an old city gazette." Leonie leaned back. "I ...," she began, seeming to have difficulty with the meaning of her own person. "I'm almost twenty-two years old now. I was born at Wallmenroth Castle, the second daughter of Prince Wolfram von Wallmenroth. My mother, Princess Paola, is the second wife of the Prince. I attended school in our little town, was a normally good student, my favorite subject was German. I stayed at the castle until ... until my sister brought the Prince of Sablemer. Accompanying the prince was Paul von Bierow. He was the prince's friend and financial manager." "So a great love?" Leonie hesitated. "Let's say, on the second try." Vera Krohn sensed the hesitation. "Do you like Hamburg?" "Yes, of course. It would be ungrateful if I didn't like it here." She pointed to the garden and up to the white house. "Although sometimes I feel a bit useless here. In the castle I had representational duties, with us the princely house is still strongly connected with the population. We are asked at every inauguration, be it hospital or the section of a new road, schools, kindergartens. We also have patronage of various charitable institutions." Vera Krohn had noted everything down. Now she looked up. "I understand, Your Serene Highness ... I'm going to ask you something now, and I'd like to ask you not to be shocked about it." Leonie nodded. "Go ahead and ask." "Well, I would like to make the following suggestion to you: Would you like to work as a freelancer for the Nienstädter Sonntagsblatt? You'll get fifty cents a line and ..." Leonie laughed brightly. "Fifty cents. Is that the entry point to success in Hamburg?" Vera Krohn laughed as well. "No, but consider the glory, Serene Highness, of being printed in such a cheese paper. But joking aside. This series about the villas on the Elbchaussee would open completely different doors for you than for me. And maybe you would enjoy the research." Leonie hesitated. "I don't know if I can write at all." Vera Krohn pointed to her notepad. "It says in there that German was your favorite subject in school. Besides, it's not so much about writing, but about getting people to talk ... So the only question is what your husband has to say about it," she added. Again Leonie laughed out loud. "He won't mind, he'll probably be happy if I don't learn Japanese and stop messing with the cook." Leonie leaned back and folded her arms behind her head. "Why not, actually? Basically, I'm pleased, perhaps precisely because it's absurd," she said, turning to this Vera. "And what will your editor-in-chief say about it?" Vera packed her notebook into a large sack bag. "He'll be beside himself with joy. After all, he's my brother. The two of us put our last euro into a bankrupt printing company. I write, my brother photographs and prints, and when we're not writing or photographing, we're making a living doing obituaries and thank-you notes." Vera held out her hand to Leonie. "Will you join us?" "Yes." Leonie chimed in. "Fine." Her new colleague, or boss, or editor-in-chief's sister, sprang straight up out of the wicker chair, waved, and walked quickly past the house into the street. "Yes, I'll join you," Leonie repeated softly again when the young woman had disappeared. She had the feeling that with Vera Krohn, a turning point had come in her life. Even if she did something crazy as a princess now, it was still better than sitting in a nice house waiting for the seasons to change. She was looking forward to telling Paul about this idea tonight.