In the evening, there were even six of them, since the Prince de Sablemer had brought along his friend and financial advisor Dr. Paul von Bierow. He was a pleasant man in his early thirties who kept an observant low profile. He also acted as the prince's translator when delicate wording was involved. Leonie had said not to appear in grand gala, but who was going to stop Princess Alessandra from dressing as she pleased on her first evening at home? And she did like herself in a dazzling, figure-hugging dress whose plunging neckline looked provocative but also out of place. A bird of paradise, Julien thought with amusement, although he didn't understand why a princess of Wallmenroth was putting on such a show at her own castle. The others had appeared "casual" to dine together familiarly. The table, however, was laid in the best possible manner, and Patrick, the English butler, laid the table with perfect form. Alessandra's undivided attention was focused on the Prince de Sablemer, who was slightly irritated at first - despite his worldliness. Leonie von Wallmenroth seemed to have no objection to the sister's constant pestering of her future fiancé. As if nothing could spoil her good mood today, Leonie ate with relish from the roast venison. She enjoyed the company of the people she loved, if she disregarded Dr. von Bierow, who adapted in a nice and quiet way. Now, when Alessandra went on at length about whether she had not seen the Prince de Sablemer somewhere and then went through the list of their mutual acquaintances, the Prince cleared his throat. He gave his elder daughter an admonishing look and asked if Julien had had the success he had hoped for today with his business trip. "Business?" Alessandra raised an eyebrow. "I didn't know you ..." "...work? Oh yes, the Sablemers do, and in the cosmetics business. We have large estates in the south of France and grow organic herbs. Right now we're trying to get into the German market, but Dr. von Bierow can explain that to them better." The prince leaned back. Apparently he squeezed her hand under the table, because Leonie smiled. The two of them looked outrageously happy, as if they were content with themselves and the conversation here at the table was only staffage for them. Paul von Bierow caught the look that Alessandra was now giving the couple. He stared. He had a sense for people, and this look sparkled with suppressed anger. He thought the beautiful princess was a beast. Quite in contrast to her sister Leonie, who seemed to him upright and full of goodness of heart. And full of naivety. If this gullible, vulnerable young woman was not careful, she would be terribly humiliated. He looked over at her. "Well, Paul, have you lost your tongue in front of so much beautiful femininity?", Julien teased his friend. "Tell us something about our Francoise cosmetics." "Excuse me," Dr. von Bierow stammered. Leonie had just turned her attention to him and looked at him with her dove-gray, gentle eyes, and that ... that had touched his soul. Something had happened to him. His heartbeat stopped for a moment, his breath caught. He cleared his throat. "Francoise cosmetics are ... based on recipes from a famous French healer. The princes of Sablemer inherited the recipe and have been planting medicinal plants and flowers with fragrances on their property for years. It is a purely organic way of cultivation. Everything is delivered to the factories freshly harvested. It's a natural cosmetic," he reported, hoping he didn't sound like a salesman. "Anyway, your cosmetics smell great," expressed Princess Paola kindly. "I think so too," Leonie agreed enthusiastically. "You should try the cosmetics sometime, Alessandra." "Does that mean you might become the sales manager for the German sector later?" asked Alessandra pointedly. Leonie shrugged her shoulders. "Why not?" "My wife just needs to be beautiful and there for me," Julien explained, bringing Leonie's hand back to her lips. Alessandra winced at so much idyll. I'm going to spoil this soup for you, dear little sister, she thought, hiding her face briefly behind the wine glass she was toasting the couple with. Ten more days until this ridiculous engagement! Over the rim of the glass, she looked around for an ally for her plan. For example, this financial advisor? He was taller than the prince, but seemed kind of stuffy. I wonder if that was because of the glasses. Well, this man could probably stick his nose in scented herbs, but in a real intrigue he would fall out of his socks with fright. She took a sip. Her only allies were the vanity of the prince and the naiveté of her sister Leonie.