Theo did not let any time pass. He had read up on Lilly's illness on the Internet and knew that he had to act quickly. The very next day, he contacted Dr. Gellert, a senior physician at Elisabeth Hospital, whose number Marissa had given him. The senior physician asked him to come immediately for typing and gave him an appointment for the same afternoon. From this he just came. His blood and tissue samples were to be evaluated before the end of the day. Theo headed for the exit. At first, he had toyed with the idea of paying a quick visit to the cafeteria, because he was very hungry for a cup of coffee. But then he decided to drink it elsewhere. The memories of the happy days with Lorena were still too painful. He had also refrained again from the idea of visiting his little niece and introducing himself to her. Not only because it could be that his parents were with her right now and he was not yet prepared for a confrontation with them. He was also afraid of meeting Lorena in the children's ward. Because that was where this long-haired doctor worked, with whom she was obviously so in love. Lorena ... He had not been able to forget her. How often he had seen in his mind her reddish-blond curly mane, her flashing gray-green eyes, her laughing red mouth! They had gotten along well, and Theo had hoped they would continue to see each other. But she had preferred the pediatrician. Even now, Lorena curls reappeared in his mind's eye. For his peace of mind, it would have been better if he had stopped coming to Elisabeth Hospital. But this was where his sick niece was being treated. Unexpectedly, Theo stopped walking. He blinked a few times. Was his imagination playing tricks on him, or was a young woman with reddish-blond hair who looked like Lorena actually coming towards him? Lorena! It was her in the flesh. Theo felt hot and cold. She had just come out of the corridor that, according to the signs, led to outpatient therapies such as physical therapy, dialysis and chemotherapy. So she was still coming here for physical therapy. She had also recognized him now. Whether she was happy about it, he could not tell from her expression. "Hello, Lorena," he said, annoyed at how scratchy his voice sounded. She returned his greeting, though with distinct reluctance. "Nice to see you again, Theo," she said, eyeing him a little strangely. "I really didn't expect this after you broke off contact so suddenly." Her voice contained a clear reproach, which Theo found unfair. After all, she had been the one who had chosen someone else over him. "I felt superfluous after you pretended to be so in love with that long-haired doctor and walked off tightly embraced with him when I came to see you. So I thought it better to keep a low profile. Or should I have run after you?" He saw her blush slightly. "Goodness, do you always jump to conclusions like that?" She said it in a mocking tone, but he also heard her voice waver, as if she suddenly had trouble holding back tears. "What did I misinterpret?" wanted Theo to know, as new hope stirred within him. Had it all been a misunderstanding? "Siggi and I are just good friends," she insisted. "I was insanely disappointed when you stopped coming. Of course, I thought you had only visited me out of a sense of duty and didn't feel it necessary to check on me after I got better." "Sheepish," said Theo, smiling fondly. "You jumped to conclusions yourself there." She let her eyes wander over his face, sighing deeply. They were looks full of emotion, looks that kept him hoping. "I missed you," she admitted. "I missed you, too, Lorena. I've suffered terribly." "Me too," she whispered, "I've longed for you so much." "I've longed for you, too. I've had sleepless nights longing for you." "Me too," Theo assured her, and had to smile at all they were saying to each other. "I was so disappointed in you, Theo." "I of you too, Lorena." She too was smiling now at their repetition of words. A small silence ensued. Each was searching the other's face. "I want us to pick up where we left off," Lorena then said softly. "Me too." "Is that really true?" She regarded him with slightly furrowed brows. "Or is that just what you told me?" "No. I want to kiss you, right now." "Me too," Lorena whispered. Already they were in each other's arms, holding each other tightly, as if they never wanted to let go of each other. Intimately and full of desire, they kissed each other over and over again. It didn't bother them that they were standing in front of the Christmas tree in the entrance hall, where visitors, patients and nursing staff came and went. An old man with a walker shuffled past them and grinned in understanding. Theo and Lorena took no notice of their surroundings. They only saw each other and enjoyed their kisses and the fact that they were together again. This time, nothing could break them apart. And they would never jump to conclusions again either. Happy and hand in hand, they left the Elisabeth Hospital.