Three quarters of an hour later, they entered the Phillips Toy Paradise. There, too, there was a lot of activity in all the departments. "Phew, it's so crowded here!" even Franzi groaned. Andrea had already shopped in the toy paradise several times and knew where to find what. So they first looked at the children's play tables in the basement, because Ute Loth, Werner's efficient receptionist, had also been of the opinion that such a play table would look great in the waiting room. Then you wouldn't need so many other things, except something for the crawling children. After they had decided on one of the game tables, they went back upstairs. As they did so, they noticed a little girl in a red Santa hat sitting on a rocking horse, singing "Kling, Glöckchen, klingeling," at the top of her lungs. "Look, Mom, that little girl is so cute!" Franzi walked up to the child, who was surrounded by amused customers. Smiling, Andrea stepped closer. The little girl was really too cute. "Are you being served yet?" she was asked at that moment by a friendly, dark-haired young woman. "No, not yet," Andrea replied. "We were downstairs looking at the gaming tables," Franzi said. "And already made a selection." Andrea explained that she wanted to replace a number of worn-out toys with new ones for her husband's pediatric practice. Just then, the musical little girl climbed down from the rocking horse and came over to them. "Who are you?" she asked, sliding her little hand into Franzi's. "Oh, hello!" Andrea's daughter leaned over to the little girl. "I'm Franzi. And you?" "I'm the Lilly. I'm a singer. This is my store." She made a sweeping arm motion. The saleswoman laughed. "My daughter is always full of ideas," she explained to the new clientele. "My in-laws are the owners, and I come here often to help out, so this is indeed paradise for Lilly." "I can imagine." Andrea laughed as well. "Do you sell the Santa hats," Franzi wanted to know. "Yes, they hang on that stand there." The saleswoman pointed in the appropriate direction. "We have them in different sizes." "Mamilein?" Tilting her head, Franzi looked at her mother. "Go ahead and pick one out," Andrea allowed with a laugh, then turned to the saleswoman with her other requests. Little Lilly skipped along beside Franzi to the caps.