"Whew, what a day that was!" Andrea Bergen sank into one of the living room chairs and stretched her legs. "Lots of assignments today?" inquired Werner sympathetically as he poured his wife a glass of wine. "It went all right, actually. There weren't any really bad missions either, but the day was just too long. Way too long." "No wonder. These long duty hours that have become ingrained in you guys should be abolished." "How can they, when half the medical staff is either sick or already on Christmas vacation?" Andrea took a sip of her wine. "I'm sure things will get back to normal after Christmas. We'll get through the holidays all right." Just then Hilde poked her head in the door. "Do you guys need a few more minutes to relax, or can I get dinner on soon?" "Give us a few more minutes," Andrea asked, "All right." Hilde went back out. Franzi, who came down the stairs with Dolly a little later, also didn't want to disturb her parents as they discussed the day's events over a glass of wine. Instead, she helped her grandma in the kitchen. Over a delicious and leisurely dinner, Andrea felt her strength returning. "A little evening walk would do me good right now," she remarked as they finished eating. "I'm sure Dolly's waiting for it." When the young mongrel heard her name called, she came out from under the table and put her muzzle on Andrea's knee. "Woof, woof!" she agreed. Andrea scratched her head. "Who else is coming?" Waiting, she looked around the table. "You go ahead," Hilde said. "I have work to do in the kitchen." With that, she got up and began clearing the table. Andrea smiled knowingly. Surely the kitchen work wasn't that important. There was probably a detective story coming on TV in a minute that Hildchen didn't want to miss. "Werner, darling?" Prompting, she turned to her better half. "It's snowing," Werner said quickly. "So what?" Andrea certainly wouldn't let him get away with that argument. "The new down jackets we bought are waterproof and have hoods." "Maybe so. But I've eaten way too much to be able to walk right now," was his next excuse. "Oh, you!" Andrea gave him an affectionate nudge on the nose. "Although, especially after that sumptuous meal, it wouldn't hurt for you to get some exercise. You know what I mean." Lovingly, she pinched the rolls of flab that had settled around his middle. "Tomorrow," Werner promised, grinning sweetly. "All right." Andrea turned to her daughter. "Franzi will come along, then. Won't you, sweetheart?" "Sorry, Mom, but I promised Paula that I'd call her about homework, and it's taking longer," she quickly talked herself out of it, too. Andrea had no choice but to accept the fact that her family didn't want to go for an evening walk. "Then you and I will go alone." With Dolly, she didn't have to worry about getting turned down. The dog was already at the door, wagging her tail expectantly.