"Green! Now drive already." Carsten stepped on the gas. The light had just turned green, but he could understand Marissa's impatience. After all, he himself could hardly wait to hold his little daughter in his arms again. "We'll be right there," he said, patting Marissa's knee comfortingly. Marissa took a new tissue from the now nearly empty package. She was completely at her wits' end and just couldn't stop crying. The last few hours had been the worst of her life. In her mind she had already seen Lilly kidnapped, abused, dead. She had been close to losing her mind. Until the police had told her that Lilly had been found by a doctor in a worrying state of health in the Rhine meadows and had been taken by ambulance to Elisabeth Hospital. Now they were on their way there. Marissa pleaded to heaven that Lilly's condition was not too bad. Unfortunately, her plea was not answered. Dr. Gellert, the head physician of the pediatric ward, informed them with great regret that Lilly had been taken to the pediatric intensive care unit because she had severe pneumonia. "We have to get this under control first, which will not be easy," Dr. Gellert explained. "Then we have to research the causes. Dr. Bergen, who found Lilly, told me you were worried about her because she has infectious diseases so frequently?" "That's right," Marissa confirmed. She had regained her composure to some extent. "That's why I wanted to take her to her husband's pediatrician's office. But there hasn't been a chance to do that yet." "So far, we've only determined that your daughter has a deficiency of white blood cells, which may be responsible for her frequent illnesses," the attending set them apart. "Should she suffer from an immune deficiency, her body would not be able to fight inflammation." "And that's the case with Lilly?" asked Marissa anxiously, as new horror images rose before her. "We have yet to find that out. But first we have to fight her pneumonia. Then we'll go from there." "Can we see Lilly?" asked Carsten hoarsely. "Yes, but only for a short moment. She's asleep now anyway. And please put on sterile protective clothing. We must do everything we can to protect your daughter from germs. Nurse Maren will help you. I will let her know you are coming." With that, Marissa and Carsten were dismissed.