It didn't take long for her to find Franzi. You couldn't miss the red Santa hats that she and Lilly were wearing. The two sat in unison in front of a tower of giant legos, because of course there was also a play corner for children in Toy Paradise. "Now I'm afraid I have to go, Lilly," Franzi said to the little girl and got up from the carpet. "My mom and I still have to go shopping for toys." "Long done," Andrea declared, laughing. "You've been so busy with Lilly that you didn't even notice how I've picked out the toys and done the delivery in the meantime." "Ooch, then I didn't get to pick out anything." Franzi didn't seem seriously disappointed. "And don't I get anything either?" That was another matter, though. "You already did." Andrea tapped the red cap that sat on Franzi's head. "Okay." Franzi seemed in all seriousness to settle for that. "Auntie, you have to play along," Lilly demanded. "You have to build a bridge so the cars don't fall into the water." "That too!" gasped Andrea, and Franzi giggled. "Come on, don't be a killjoy, Mom. Playing is more fun than shopping. We can do that afterwards, too." Andrea relented and sat down on a seat cushion. Just as she was about to reach for a building block, Lilly told her that she'd better read to her, because Franzi was going to build the bridge. She already dragged half a dozen picture books and spread them out in front of Andrea. Andrea Bergen picked up an appealing-looking picture book. The stories were also very nicely written. She began to read aloud and found that she was enjoying it very much herself. Lilly had snuggled into her lap and was looking at the pictures with interest. "But now we really have to go," Andrea said when the second book was also finished, and gently pushed Lilly away from her. Franzi realized that they had been in the toy paradise long enough and stopped building. Lilly, on the other hand, did not agree at all. "No, stay there!" she cried, clinging to Andrea. "Mäuschen, you can't do that. Franzi and I have to go shopping for other things, too." "No, you have to stay there! You still have a book to read." Already Lilly was pressing a new picture book into her arms. Andrea sighed. Seeking help, she looked around for Lilly's mother, but with so many customers in the store, she couldn't spot her anywhere. But she didn't want to leave Lilly behind without anyone to take care of her. Again she tried to explain to the child that they really had to leave now. Instead of being insightful, Lilly began to cry. "Stay!" she sobbed heartbreakingly. At that moment, an elderly lady appeared. "Here you are, Lilly. I've been looking for you. What's the matter? Why are you crying?" "I want the aunt to stay here. And Franzi, too," Lilly sniffled. Andrea briefly explained the situation. The older lady - Lilly's grandmother, it turned out a moment later - smiled sparsely. She seemed embarrassed that her granddaughter was so hogging the two customers. She apologized and took the little girl firmly by the hand. "We'll be back," Andrea and Franzi promised as if from the same mouth. Only then did the little girl calm down again and walk away with her grandmother.