The next moment there was a knock and the door opened. It was not Theo who came in the door, but a long-haired man who might be a few years older than Lorena. She assumed he belonged to her bedmate, but he came right up to her and addressed her by name. "Hello, Ms. Werding," he greeted her, "I'm Dr. Baumg채rtner from the pediatric ward." "Pediatric ward?" she repeated, puzzled. What was she doing with a doctor who was obviously not on duty at all, judging by his casual attire? He pulled up a chair and sat astride it. "Right," he confirmed with an amused grin. "I know you miss the white coat on me. But I hardly ever wear it. To my little patients, I'm 'Uncle Siggi.' They also immediately trust me, while my colleagues in their white coats tend to instill fear in them." "I can well imagine that." Lorena thought the young doctor was hugely nice. "And what brings you to me?" "Dr. Bergen told me about you, so naturally I wanted to meet you." "Oh?" Lorena wondered even more. She wondered what the ER doctor might have told him. He laughed softly. "Excuse me, of course you want to know the reason. I am also involved in puppetry. For some time now, I've been delighting the little patients with Punch and Judy shows that I perform for them." "That's right, Dr. Bergen had mentioned a puppeteering pediatrician." Lorena was pleased to meet him. "Do you play from models or do you also implement your own ideas?" "All the stories are created in my head," Dr. Baumg채rtner explained. "That is, occasionally colleague Krug from the ER helps me with it. Sometimes I run out of ideas, I must confess. I've never played from a template, but I can try that. Perhaps you would have some tips for me?" "With pleasure, Dr. Baumg채rtner. When will you play for the children again?" "Probably this afternoon, if no urgent case comes up. Would you like to watch?" "Oh, I'd love to." "And would you give me some advice afterwards? I might make some serious mistakes, which I haven't noticed before." "Certainly not, if your spectators enjoy your playing." "But you're the professional player, and I'm just the amateur," Dr. Baumg채rtner objected. "Perhaps we could play together sometime, if you feel up to it?" "I'm sure that would be great fun," Lorena agreed. "After all, I play in children's wards at hospitals myself. But for now, I'm going to check out your game." "Fantastic. Then may I let you know what time I'll be playing this afternoon?" Lorena gave him a warm smile. "Sure. I'm looking forward to it." "And ... hmm, aren't we going to be on a first-name basis? I'm Siggi." With that, Lorena was only too agreeable. She gave her first name and slapped Siggi's outstretched hand.