After a while, Andrea stopped, frowning. What were those sounds coming from the river? It sounded like the voice of a small child. She took off her hood and listened. The wind tugged at her hair and carried the sounds away. But then the little voice was clearly heard again, even if it sounded weak and feeble. Here close by was a child! A small child singing a song! Andrea turned on her flashlight and shone it around, but she could see no walkers far and wide. "Let me in, you children, is so cold the winter, open the doors for me, don't let me freeze to death. Tinkle, tinkle, tinkle, tinkle, tinkle." Andrea thought she didn't hear right. She immediately thought of little Lilly from the Phillips Toy Paradise, because she had sung this song when she had been shopping there with Franzi. But surely it couldn't be that the little girl was sitting in the Rhine meadows singing Christmas carols at this hour? "Dear aunt blessed, make me merry again ... Tinkle, tinkle, tinkle, don't let me freeze to death, open all the doors ..." Now that sounded very whiny, like a cry for help. And Andrea realized that the child was alone. This couldn't be happening! She hurriedly followed the sounds, which led her to two large boulders. In the gap between them crouched a small figure. Andrea shone her flashlight into it. Sure enough, it was Lilly! She had the red Santa hat on her head again. "Lilly-mouse, how did you get here?" Andrea pulled the little girl out of the crevice. Sobbing, the child threw herself into her arms. "Don't let me freeze to death, Auntie," Lilly brought out tremblingly. "Of course you won't. But you don't even have a jacket on." Quickly Andrea took off her down jacket and wrapped the child, whose limbs felt ice cold, in it. In the glow of the flashlight, Andrea could see that Lilly's little face was unnaturally red and bloated. When she felt the little forehead, she got a fright. Lilly had a fever, a very high fever in fact! "How come you're here alone?" she asked. "Been looking for you, Auntie," Lilly whispered. "Me?" "Yes. I thought you said you were coming back. And then you walked past the store. That's when I ran after you. The big black raven showed me where you went." Andrea's throat tightened. The little girl must have mistaken her for someone else, because she had been out of town today. It moved her to tears that Lilly had been looking for her. "Then you ran away from the store and your parents don't even know where you are?" Lilly began to cry. "Will home!" "I'll take you home." Andrea took the child in her arms. As she did so, she noticed rattling breathing sounds coming from Lilly's mouth. Oh God, that didn't sound good! She pushed the jacket aside and put her ear to Lilly's chest. The sounds she was hearing were alarming! Lilly seemed to have pneumonia. Hadn't her mother said the other day that Lilly had frequent colds? It was not enough to bring the child home. She needed medical treatment.