It took quite a while for Andrea to finally make up her mind. She had unexpectedly had to do without Franzi's support when shopping for toys, because the girl only had eyes for Lilly and vice versa. Every now and then, Andrea would see the two of them with their Santa hats on, popping up between shelves and the other customers. "I think that's it," Andrea finally said. She had spent more money than Werner had planned, but he would certainly be pleased with her choice. "Can you deliver the items to the office?" she asked. "Of course, Mrs. ..." "Bergen. Dr. Bergen. I'm an emergency physician at Elisabeth Hospital. The pediatrician's office is located at twenty-five Beethovenstrasse." "Please come with me to the office, Dr. Bergen," the saleswoman asked, leading the way. Andrea followed her into a modern furnished office. A private corner was visible in the background. Presumably that was where Lilly was cared for when she wasn't wandering around the store singing Christmas carols. "I'm Marissa Phillips, by the way," the pleasant saleswoman said, extending her hand to Andrea. "Pleased to meet you." Friendly, Andrea returned her handshake. She gave her address again and completed the delivery formalities. The bill would be sent to Werner's practice. "So your husband is a pediatrician, that's interesting," Marissa Phillips then commented. "Lilly may strike you as a particularly lively child at first glance, but she's sick a lot. She's always getting colds and fevers and sore throats. The medications our family doctor prescribes her never really help. Lilly recovers quickly, but it doesn't take long before she has something again. A stomach ache, for example. My mother-in-law swears by our family doctor, but I would like to introduce Lilly to another doctor. A pediatrician." "No problem, Mrs. Phillips. Call my husband's office and make an appointment. I'll tell him about Lilly." "Thank you, that would be nice, Dr. Bergen." After everything was done, they went back out to the sales room. Andrea thanked them, and Lilly's mother turned to new clientele.