Christmas Eve had come. Lilly had been released in time for Christmas. However, care still had to be taken to ensure that all hygiene regulations were adhered to because of the danger of infection that still existed, and that all too close physical contact was avoided. Lilly was also an understanding girl and wanted to wait patiently until she was allowed to give out kisses again. Theo had come from Bonn and, to Lilly's great delight, was staying with them in the house for the holidays. But for the holiday, they would all be with their grandparents. "We want you with us for Christmas, Theo," his mother had wished, and he had seen no reason to deny her that wish. In the meantime, he and his parents had talked things out thoroughly. It had been good conversations in which they had become closer again and in the course of which his parents had asked him to forgive them. Theo never dreamed it would ever come to this. Nor did he think it possible that he would ever again spend Christmas with his family. And now he was actually sitting in his parents' festively decorated living room on Christmas Day, enjoying being part of it again. He also got along with them much better now than ever before. Of course, Lorena had also been invited. She and Theo had been inseparable since they had gotten back together. Lorena had also immediately found a good connection with Marissa and Carsten. She had also been well received by his parents, whom she had met briefly. Lorena had taken the opportunity to perform a short puppet show as a thank you for the invitation to the Christmas dinner, which had been received with enthusiasm. And, of course, Lilly sang "Kling, Glöckchen, klingelingeling" again with fervor. "How did you actually meet?", Ellen wanted to know from Theo and Lorena, as they sat together later with mulled wine and cinnamon stars, enjoying the peaceful atmosphere that the Christmas tree with its fragrant beeswax candles radiated. Theo grimaced. "By pushing her off her bike with my car and transporting her to Elisabeth Hospital." He reached for Lorena's hand and pressed a tender kiss on it, as if to make a belated apology. Then he briefly told how it had happened. "That's how it all started." Lorena took his hand and pressed it to her cheek. "Actually, we should still be grateful to the truck driver, because without that accident we wouldn't have met." "Then let's drink to the accident!" said Norbert with a grin, raising his glass. "And to the fact that fate had mercy on us," Marissa added. And everyone knew what she meant.