The next morning a light wind came up. Duke Brian paid no attention to it. He was in a hurry to leave Windhome. Every hour he had to spend with his wife was torture for him. He would have preferred to clear the air today, but he wanted to sign his will first. Now, as he was leaving the castle, Duchess Alice came across the lawn of the park. "Why don't you take the carriage to the estate?" she asked. "You know how I love to ride, Alice." Brian reached for the reins of the horse with which a groom was standing in front of the doorway. "Are you staying at the estate today?" wanted Alice to know. She struggled to hide her excitement. Not only did she know Patrick was at the farm, she had also learned that her husband had been in Cork yesterday to see the notary. "Most of the time he was," Brian evaded her. Both felt they were scanning each other with words. Brian was outmatched by his wife; he was having more trouble not telling the truth. "I'm meeting with the hunting leaseholder in two hours." "At the hunting lodge?" asked Duchess Alice with great interest. "Yes." Duke Brian was relieved that he had now at least said something that was true. He didn't notice his wife's sudden hurry to get to the castle. He rode to the manor and took Patrick food to the hayloft. "Late this afternoon I'm going to Cork, Patrick, and sign the new will. In the evening I'll talk to Alice and Robert. To do that, I'll take you to the castle. If you want, Kathleen can be there, too." Duke Brian was already heading for the door again. "I'm in a hurry, Patrick. The steward is waiting for me, and afterwards I must ride to the hunting lodge. Don't let it be too dull for you. It's the last day of your captivity." Patrick followed his father to the door and looked after him. He could not explain the strange feeling that had come over him. It seemed to him like trepidation. And he felt sorry for his father, who acted calm and in reality might have had to go through the most difficult evening of his life tonight. Patrick went outside. He couldn't bear to stay in his hiding place all day today. He wanted to find a place where he could dream of his happiness at being back in the home he loved, at having regained his father's trust, and at being reunited with Kathleen soon.