But now, for the first time, it distressed Patrick that Kathleen was distracted by her studies. She did not notice how much he needed her comfort. She said goodbye to him very tenderly, made him promise to spend the last two days with her in Cork before they left, but she did not feel how much he needed her. When Patrick was alone again, he could stand it no longer on the estate. He rode to Windhome toward evening. The castellan opened the gate for him and said, "Good of you to come, Duke Patrick. The doctor has been to see your father today." "Is my father ill? Why don't I find out?" "I would have called you at the estate, but I have not yet been able to find out what is wrong with your father. The staff is telling each other that he had a lot of excitement yesterday." Patrick put his horse in the stable and went into the castle. There was an oppressive silence in the hall. Only when he went up the stairs to the second floor did a maid approach him. She said that Duke Brian was in his bedroom, but immediately added, "The Lady Duchess is with him, and she wishes no visitors." These words struck Patrick. In his excitement, Patrick walked quickly, his footsteps louder than usual because of his riding boots; in the silence of the castle, they were conspicuous. Before he was even at the door to his father's bedroom, it was opened. By Duchess Alice. "Can't you be a little quieter?" she reproached him. "You will have heard by now that your father is ill." "Yes." Patrick wanted to go into the room. But Duchess Alice blocked his way. "Do you want your father to die of excitement? I will not permit you to visit him. I advise you to leave Windhome as soon as possible before your father has to see you arrested for forging signatures." Patrick leaned against the doorframe. He looked as if he was about to give Duchess Alice a fierce answer, but then he pushed her aside, walked into the room, and stepped up to his father's bedside. "I hope, father, that you will not turn me out. If you are ill, I must be by your side." Duke Brian had sat up. He looked very much taken up. "Sit down," he said in a mat voice. Then he looked at his wife, who by now had come up to the bedside. "It's better if you leave me alone with Patrick," he said pleadingly. Duchess Alice looked at Patrick with hatred. Immediately, however, she pulled herself together. She leaned toward her husband. "No Brian, I'm not leaving this room now. You need me. I can't count on Patrick being considerate of your condition. If he loved you as much as I do, he wouldn't have done this terrible disgrace to you." "What are you talking about again?" asked Patrick, his voice vibrating with excitement. "I have done nothing that would bring dishonor to my father or to our name." Before Duke Brian could say anything else, Duchess Alice stood before Patrick like an avenger and said in a cutting voice, "Isn't it disgraceful for a Duke Young of Windhome to forge checks? You needn't bother denying now. A handwriting expert will vouch for the fact that you forged your father's signature with great skill. That's what caused your father to break down yesterday." Patrick looked at his father. "And you believe that?" "I have to believe it, Patrick." "Even handwriting experts can be bribed," Patrick replied, glancing at Duchess Alice. She had winced imperceptibly, then knelt in front of her husband's bed and pressed her head into his hands. "Are you going to let me be insulted like this, Brian? Is this the thanks I get for loving you?" Duke Brian looked reproachfully at his son. "You shouldn't have said that, Patrick. At least be honest with me. Even though I'm ashamed of you, I'm willing to keep everything quiet. I don't want anyone to ever know what you did. It would only be good if you left Windhome first. That would help us all forget more easily." Patrick took a few steps back. "You are ordering me out of the castle, Father?" He looked at Duchess Alice, who was still kneeling in front of the bed. "Has she finally reached it?" "I'm not expelling you from the castle, I just asked you to be reasonable." Patrick shook his head. "No, I won't go. That would be an admission of guilt. I have nothing to fear. Turn me over to the court and it will turn out that I didn't sign the checks. By my love for my mother, I swear to you that I did not commit this dishonorable act." His voice became very quiet, it wavered, and you could tell he was fighting the tears that were welling up. Suddenly he took flight. He could not show his shock in front of Duchess Alice. From the door he shouted back, "I'm staying at Windhome, this is where I belong!" Then the door fell shut behind him. Patrick went to his room. He slept only briefly. In the morning he went to breakfast, but he sat alone at the table. The maid told him that his father and Duchess Alice were taking breakfast in their rooms. Again Patrick waited in vain for his father to call him.