Stella opened the front door. "You're finally back, Patrick. I was ..." She broke off and ran toward Patrick. "For heaven's sake, what happened to Gwendolin?" Now she saw the firelight in the castle park. "The pavilion is burning down, Stella, but Gwendolin managed to escape the fire." Stella reached for Gwendolin's hand. "Emily is with us, Gwendolin. Now we won't leave you and your child alone." Patrick carried Gwendolin into the chamber and lowered her onto Stella's bed. "I'll get a doctor. Even if Emily doesn't need him, it's Gwendolin I'm very worried about." He quickly left the chamber. Stella sat down by Gwendolin and stroked her tangled red hair. "We will help you, Gwendolin, Patrick and I. I promise you that." "He is Duke Patrick. I recognized him, Stella," Gwendolin was still saying in a clear voice, but immediately her senses seemed to become confused. "The pavilion is on fire," she whispered, "it's terribly hot, I can feel the flames, they're getting closer." "You weren't in the pavilion when it started to burn, Gwendolin," Stella talked at her. "No, I escaped before that. I was going to look for Emily. No one saw me leave the park. Not even the castellan. But they tried to kill me, Stella, they must have set the fire." Gwendolin straightened up. "I'm not going to escape them. Do you hear the footsteps outside? Doctor Ramsey is coming." "No, Gwendolin, that's Patrick, he's coming back." Patrick entered. "The doctor will be here in a few minutes. I've been on the phone with him. Everything in the area is in an uproar because the fire is now visible for miles." "I want to see Emily. If she's really alive, you'll have to prove it to me." Gwendolin wanted to get up. "Emily is asleep, Gwendolin. I've given her a light sleeping pill to help her rest." Horrified, Gwendolin looked around. "An injection?" she asked. "To make her tired, to make her sleep?" "Why, no, Gwendolin." Stella didn't get to say anything more, the doctor entered the room. He examined Gwendolin only briefly, then asked Stella into the hallway. "Do you know what the young duchess has been missing until now? I have never been called to the castle." Stella spoke briefly of Dr. Ramsey, of how he had given Gwendolin injections that had probably been the cause of her weakness in the first place. "I'll order an ambulance; the young duchess must be under constant medical supervision. I can't take responsibility because I don't know what she was treated with." Patrick came out into the hallway. "I will accompany Gwendolin. Surely it's best for her to go to the hospital. I'll talk to the doctors so Robert will be turned away if he tries to take Gwendolin away." "And we'll take Emily to the hospital too, Patrick, as hard as it is for me to part with her. I want her to be with her mommy. Only then can Gwendolin get well." "Yes, that's right," the doctor decided. "Please, stay at home, Stella," Patrick begged. "What happened today was already too much for you. It's getting dark outside. Light the fire in the fireplace. When I get back, we'll have a lot to talk about." Stella made arrangements for Emily and Gwendolin to be transported to the hospital. Emily didn't wake up, she just stretched a few times and mumbled, "Stella." Gwendolin had not been able to walk to the van under her own power; she had to be carried. As she lay in the ambulance, she closed her eyes. "I don't want to see the Windhome firelight," she said in a trembling voice. "But you do want to see your little Emily, Gwendolin." Stella leaned over her as Patrick lifted Emily into the car. He sat down next to Gwendolin and kept Emily in his arms. Gwendolin opened her eyes, looking at her child. Her hand felt over Emily's face. "Doctor Ramsey was there, I got another shot. Then I always dream that Emily is with me." "This time it's reality, Gwendolin." Stella kissed her on the cheek. "Patrick and I will visit you often. You'll be better soon. We won't leave you two alone anymore, we'll help you." Stella had to fight back tears. "If you want to help us, you must take us to Connemara." Suddenly Gwendolin's eyes began to shine. "To my homeland. There I will be a weaver again. No one will destroy what I have woven, as Duchess Alice did. I will sell my work and use the money to feed my child and myself. We will be poor, but never alone again." Stella left the ambulance and looked after him. Then she went into the house, lit the fire in the fireplace, and waited for Patrick.