He went to Cork to see Kathleen. She said he wanted to keep his promise and stay with her for two days. Horrified, she heard what had happened. At first she would not see that Patrick was giving way to violence. She revolted as he had done. She knew what a terrible wrong had been done to him. But when a stranger called her parents' apartment and asked when Duke Patrick would finally leave the house, she panicked. "Go, Patrick, this is the only solution now. Nothing must happen to you. We need time to clear everything up. Believe me, the truth will come out. You really can't do that to your father, that you get arrested. And I also don't want your name to be so heavily burdened." "Are you parting with me so easily, Kathleen?" asked Patrick bitterly. Kathleen hugged and kissed him. "No, not easily, Patrick. I just want to be reasonable, and I don't want to lose you. If one day we can't live on Windhome, we will build our future together in another place. But for now, I believe your innocence will be proven if we have a little patience." Again the phone rang. Now the caller threatened Kathleen and her parents if they harbored Duke Patrick any longer. "I'm leaving Ireland, Kathleen. I don't want anyone to be put in danger by me. I'm going to Australia." Kathleen cringed, "That far, Patrick?" Tears ran down her cheeks. "The vow of love we made in the Tower of Blarney is for all our lives. It doesn't change whether I live in Europe or on another continent. I will come back, or I will take you to live with me." Patrick hesitated and looked at her uncertainly. "I dare not make the request that you come with me right away. My father has given me so much money that it would not be too hard for us to begin. I don't think we can ever be happy at Windhome as long as Robert and his mother live there." Kathleen looked at Patrick affectedly. "I hadn't even thought of accompanying you, Patrick," she confessed. "I suppose this misfortune came as too much of a surprise for that. And you know I want to finish my studies in Dublin. If I'm a doctor, I'm sure that can help us." Patrick was too excited to realize just yet that he was disappointed in Kathleen's superior manner. He said goodbye to her. Standing in the street, he was a lonely young man, without parents, without a home, and without the girl to whom his whole heart belonged.