Patrick came from outside with a basket. He had fetched dried pieces of peat and now put them on the smoldering fire in the fireplace. Stella brought tea. She watched Patrick thoughtfully. Since they had returned from Tralee, he seemed changed to her. He was so silent that she feared he was hiding something from her. Now he was leaving the little house again, even though tea was on the table. Stella went to the window and was amazed to see Patrick pulling out a bundle from under a bush by the river. He came back with it. When he entered the living room, he laughed, went in front of the fireplace and spread a sheepskin there. Then he took Stella in his arms. "This is what you wished for." Stella kissed him with joy and put her arms around his neck, relieved that Patrick was in a good mood. "Yes, I wished for the sheepskin. The floor is cold. I love sitting in front of the fire, though." She pulled Patrick onto the sheepskin and leaned against him. Her eyes lit up. "There's no place like home. Patrick, I know you wanted to please me with the trip to Tralee. It was very nice there, too, but when I can be with you all alone, I'm happiest." Patrick took her tightly in his arms. "You've been chosen as the Rose of Tralee, Stella. Maybe you still don't know what that means in Ireland. Today your picture will be in all the newspapers." He covered her face with kisses. Then he became thoughtful. "I love you. I can't imagine my life without you. And yet I often blame myself for dragging you into this uncertain life. You left Ferrymoore Castle - for me. You gave up your earnings - for me. You live in that little house by the river - for me." "With you, Patrick." Stella's eyes lit up. "What does living in a castle mean to me if you're not with me? Here I feel at home because we can be together. I don't miss anything." "Not even when you're up at Windhome Castle, Stella?" Patrick looked at her inquiringly and a little uneasily. "No, not even then, Patrick. I only go to the castle because I've grown fond of little Emily and she needs me. But I like to return to our house by the river every night. I only wish you could be with me always. On the nights when you have to stay out with the sheep, I feel lonely." Stella remembered that Duke Robert had followed her to the river and had tried to force his way into the little house. But she had not told Patrick that. He shouldn't worry if he left her alone again. "Maybe I can find a place to live here forever after all." Patrick took a sip of tea and then stretched out on the sheepskin. He folded his arms under his head and looked up at the ceiling. "Tomorrow I'll go to the priest and order the banns. We've waited long enough to do that. But you know why. I wanted to give you my real name, not a borrowed one. I didn't want you to be Mrs. Donald. I still hoped to find my past here in Ireland, my true self. And often I think I'm on the verge of it. Especially when I'm out with the sheep." He stroked his forehead, his hand lingering on his eyes. "Often I don't feel like a shepherd then, no, I mean infinite flocks of sheep would be mine." Stella leaned over Patrick and pulled his hand from his eyes. "Patrick, please, don't brood so desperately again. We have so little time, by morning you must leave me again. What does it matter to me what name I bear as your wife? If only we will never be separated again." She straightened up. Her face looked resolved again. "But, after all, no one can ever separate us again; we have kissed the stone in the tower of Blarney and sworn eternal fidelity to each other. We firmly believe in that vow of love, don't we?" "Yes, Kathleen, we believe in it." Stella shuddered, her heart beginning to pound loudly. Once again, Patrick had called her Kathleen. He didn't seem to have noticed. He lay there like a stranger, as if his mind was far away. "Kathleen?" asked Stella sorrowfully. "Who is Kathleen, Patrick? I've asked you that before." Now Patrick sat up. His gaze returned to Stella. "Did I say Kathleen?" Stella's hands tightened around his upper arms. She was very aroused now. "You must know what you just said, Patrick. Why are you torturing me? I can't bear the thought that there might be another woman in your life. In your past. I'd rather your past stayed dead, and with it Kathleen. I don't want to know who she is. I don't want to know anything more at all than that you love me and that we belong together forever." Patrick was very startled. He reached out again and pulled Stella next to him. Gently, he pressed her head to his chest and stroked her hair. "Please, calm down, Stella. You can't really want me to never get my memory back." Stella cried. "I'm sorry I said that. But I'm afraid of losing you. It can't be a coincidence that you keep thinking of the name Kathleen. No, it can't be a coincidence." Patrick was still stroking Stella. "But whoever that Kathleen may be, now I love only you. Come, Stella, let's take another walk along the river bank. Out in the fresh air, I'm sure our minds will clear up." He got up and picked up Stella's coat.