During the walk, they no longer spoke of what had just excited Stella so much. After an hour they returned to the small house. At the front door, Patrick stopped and looked up at Windhome Castle. Several windows were brightly lit. "How strange, I first saw Duke Young of Windhome in Tralee. And yet I thought I knew him." "But he denied that, Patrick," said Stella. A bitter smile settled around Patrick's mouth. "Yes, he did. And in a very challenging way. He wouldn't know how to know the shepherd Patrick Donald. Yes, that's what he said. And I sensed he was trying to hit me with it." Patrick put his arm around Stella's shoulders. "He's not a good man, this Duke Robert, Stella. I'd rather you never went to the castle again. Will you do me this favor? We don't really need the money you make at the castle. I will try harder to find a better paying position." "But what is to become of Emily, Patrick? She is so attached to me. And I wanted to find out the secret that surrounds the young Duchess Gwendolin. Perhaps she needs my help. She is waiting for me to visit her again in the pavilion." The glow of the house light fell on Patrick's face. Stella noticed that he hadn't really been listening to her. Now he took a few steps back and looked up at Windhome Castle again. Stella followed him. She heard him say softly, "Whenever the wind blows particularly hard around the castle, then ..." He broke off. "What is it then, Patrick?" asked Stella. "I don't know." Patrick lowered his head. So he walked to the front door, as if to avoid looking up at Windhome Castle again. Standing in the living room, he said, "You're right, Stella. You can't abandon Emily. She needs you. And maybe you'll find out the secret about Duchess Gwendolin, too." He stepped to the window and now looked up at Windhome again after all. "There are many secrets up there. If I could fathom them, I might know who I am." Stella stood behind him, perplexed. She couldn't ask a question and felt only fear that Patrick's thoughts might become confused. He had been ruminating about his past for too long, too weighed down by having to give up every time the darkness began to clear a little.