Patrick was unable to go to the manor that day. He also took lunch alone. It seemed to him as if he were in a haunted castle, so eerily quiet it remained. Robert still seemed to be out, and his mother did not appear. The staff tiptoed through the castle. Patrick had dinner brought to his room. But so far he hadn't touched a bite. He could not stand this waiting any longer. He decided to go to Kathleen and let her in on everything that had happened here. She belonged to him, she was the only one who could give him strength. Patrick did not get the chance to put his resolution into action. He was lured to the window by loud voices. Astonished, he saw that the old castellan was trying in vain to keep a horde of angry people from storming through the gate. Patrick left his room and ran out of the castle. He wanted to stand by old Graham and find out what this commotion was all about. As he walked across the driveway, he recognized some of the people. They were from the village of Donegal. Many, however, were strangers to him. Now the people were pushing the castellan aside and rushing toward Patrick. Desolate shouts and threats rang out, men swung sticks, women gathered pebbles from the driveway and threw them. Patrick was unable to drown out the voices of the others. Already he felt he was being hemmed in by them. Again and again he heard the shout, "Girl molester!" Suddenly the people fell silent and looked toward the castle. Patrick turned around. In front of the portal stood his father. Now he came slowly down the driveway, swaying and with a ghostly pale face. "What do you want?" he asked, stopping. "Let one speak." A man stepped out of the throng as if he had only been waiting for this invitation. He bowed his head. "We demand your son, Duke Brian." "My son?" Duke Brian stepped up to Patrick. "Then you also claim me. We are one." "Father!" said Patrick in shock. Duke Brian put his hand on his arm. "What do they want from you?" "I don't know." "He knows," several voices rang out now. They buzzed in confusion until the spokesman stepped even closer in front of the two men. He pointed to Patrick. "He's a girl molester." Duke Brian's face swelled red. "What dare you?" He raised his hand, pointing to the gate with an outstretched arm. "Leave the terrain of Windhome at once, or I will send for the constables." "You will do no such thing, Duke Brian," the man said, not backing down a step. He pointed to Patrick. "He was as dear to us as any of the Youngs of Windhome, but now we must go after him. We won't stand for our daughters being violated. He comes at night and ambushes them, he ambushes them and he disappears. Shall we bring in the girls who can testify to this?" He went to the people and pulled a young shy girl from their ranks. "Tell our Duke Brian what his son has done to you, Anne," he prompted. "He has ... he has ... assaulted me. Only the night before last. Near the manor." The girl was trembling all over. She didn't dare look at Patrick. "Near the manor?" asked Duke Brian. Now he leaned on his son and looked at him penetratingly. "Is that why you have stayed away from the castle?" "Father!" Patrick could not comprehend the change that had suddenly taken place again with his father. A moment ago, after all, he had professed his allegiance to him. "I have nothing to do with this sordid affair." "We can bring in other girls to act as accusers against you, Duke Patrick," said the spokesman. "Just for your father's sake, we're not going to court yet. But get out of Windhome, or we will lynch you." The man's words were followed at first by murmurs, then by louder ones, and finally by people crowding back toward Patrick. Duke Brian was swaying. Two men had to support him. When Patrick tried to help him, he said, "Don't touch me." Patrick raised his arms, looking imploringly at the people. "How can you say such a terrible thing to me? I'm engaged to be married soon. Never would I take offense at a girl who doesn't love me. So believe me." "The engagement is only to distract from how you are in reality disposed. No, we will not be talked to." The spokesman continued threateningly, "If you do not leave here at once, you will not be safe of your life. Your father will perish from the disgrace and ..." Patrick pressed his hands to his ears. He didn't want to hear any more. He ran to the castle. In the hall he met his father. Duchess Alice was supporting him. "Get out of our sight!" she shouted toward Patrick. "No, let him come with me," Duke Brian said in a toneless voice. "Accompany me, Patrick." He turned to his wife. "We go alone." When he realized she was about to revolt, he stroked her arm. "Rest assured, I will not be swayed by him again." Duchess Alice stood in the hall with a triumphant look on her face as the two men walked up the stairs.