When he came to the gate, the old castellan Graham opened it for him. Patrick walked up to him, put his hands on his shoulders, and looked him in the eye. "Graham," he said in an agitated voice, "do you still recognize me?" The old man winced, he stroked his eyes and asked haltingly, "Duke Patrick?" Patrick laughed and embraced the castellan. "Your old eyes see better than many younger ones. No one recognized me in the neighborhood. I have been away too many years." "It has often been rumored about the shepherd Patrick Donald, but no one has thought possible that you could be our young Duke Patrick. I saw you once from a distance and was strangely touched. Your walk seemed familiar. No, but I wouldn't have dared believe that either." Graham wiped his tears in embarrassment. "I never thought I'd live to see this. You'll be back when you're thirty. Will you be able to stay this time?" The castellan's look became anxious. Patrick was already moving on. "Yes, Graham, this time I will stay. No one will be able to drive me out of my fathers' castle again." With firm steps he walked towards the portal of the castle. He pushed open the door and entered the hall. When a maid approached him, he demanded to speak to Duke Robert. The girl did not need to bother, Duke Robert was already standing on the stairs. Patrick went to meet him. "It's too late to turn back and hide, Robert. Did your mother tell you that I was going to hand you over to the court?" "She told me, but you have to make it first, Patrick." Slowly Duke Robert came down the last steps into the hall. Not much of his arrogance was left. You could hear in his voice that he was trying hard to hide his fear. "You would come off badly if you went to court. You would be the one who would end up behind dungeon walls. You know that very well." "You don't scare me with threats like that anymore. I know how to defend myself today. That's the only reason I came back." "As Patrick Donald?" asked Duke Robert mockingly. "A Duke Young of Windhome as a plain Mister Donald? That alone shows you know exactly what to fear." "I had to go through that station, too, before I could hold you and your mother accountable. But now I will." Patrick stepped so close to Duke Robert that he almost touched him. "Mercilessly, without regard to my name. I have no one left to spare. You should know that, Robert. Now I want to get to the tomb where my parents lie. Today I will not be denied." Patrick left the hall. Slowly he walked through the park until he was at the large chapel of the castle, where the tomb of his ancestors was also located.