When he entered the room, she lost her temper. She no longer thought about her resolution not to tell him about the attack by Robert. Weeping, she buried her head against Patrick's chest. In confused words she said what Robert had wanted to do to her. Patrick hardly let her speak. He rushed out of the room. In the hall he called loudly for Robert. But only the servants came. They said that Duke Robert was not in the castle, that he had wanted to leave today. "Then he has not returned from the river," Kathleen said. "I'll still bring him to justice." Patrick asked a maid, "Is my father in the castle yet?" "Yes, Duke Patrick. He is having tea with the Duchess in the pavilion." "Please, stay here, Kathleen. Try to get some rest. I'm going to see my father." Patrick was already running out of the castle. In broad leaps he ran through the park, tore open the door of the pavilion, and shouted in the hall, "Father!" The door of the largest room was opened, Duchess Alice stood on the threshold. "How dare you frighten us like that!" she said intemperately. Duke Brian appeared behind her. "Patrick will surely have a reason for seeking me here. Come in, Patrick." Patrick had to push past Duchess Alice. She stopped on the threshold as if to block his path. With her lips pressed together and her eyes sparkling with excitement, she looked at the two men. While Duke Brian sat down, Patrick stopped. "Father, you are the master at Windhome. You I must ask to keep order here. Things are happening as I have always feared since that woman has so much power in the castle. She and her son are besmirching our name." "Patrick!" This shout from Duke Brian was lost in Duchess Alice's angry outcry. She grabbed Patrick by the upper arms. "Don't say that again!" Patrick freed himself from her hands. "You're going to have to put up with me repeating what I said. Your son just tried to rape Kathleen. My fiancée!" "That's not true!" For once, these words might have come from Duchess Alice's lips in full conviction. She did not know her son's disposition to take by force what he called love. And she didn't think him foolish enough to try to take Kathleen, of all people. "It's true," Patrick said. "That's all I have to tell you, Father. I will know how to protect Kathleen from this fiend in the future. It is left to you to bring him to justice. It was your mistake to make this wretch a Duke Young of Windhome. I wish you with all my heart that you will not have to regret this bitterly. I would be very sorry for you." Quietly he added, "You would feel very sorry for my mother, too." He left the pavilion.