"Thank you very much!" With a beaming smile, Lorena Werding bowed to her audience. She had come to the Marienberg retirement home that afternoon with her puppet stage to bring joy to the seniors, some of whom suffer from dementia. Judging by the applause she received, she succeeded. One elderly lady with white curls was even moved to tears. Lorena came down the steps from the stage. On each hand she led one of her marionette puppets, the main characters of the play. Together with a colleague from the Rheintaler Puppenbühne, to whose team she also belonged, she had performed a Christmas story, fitting for the Advent season. Now the spectators were allowed to admire the half-meter marionettes up close. The elderly people did so extensively, and Lorena received a lot of praise. Not only from the residents, but also from the two caregivers who had come along. Of course, Lorena also had to answer questions, which she did with a patient smile. Some of the spectators asked the same questions several times and would soon forget the puppet show, but they had all had fun, and that alone counted. The puppet show also had a therapeutic value. It was a creative means of communication, awakened memories, and promoted motivation. That's why Lorena had specialized in therapy puppetry on the side, and not just for seniors. With her own small puppet stage, she also performed in institutions for the disabled and in children's wards of hospitals. Especially during the Christmas season, she was in great demand. It was a lot of work to stage the plays, some of which she wrote herself. Unfortunately, this also caused her relationship with Matthias to fall apart. They had been together for two years, then he had broken up with her because she hardly had any time for him anymore. "I have nothing against your commitment to the puppet theater," he had said. "I've also come to terms with the fact that I have to do without you some evenings. But the fact that you're now wandering around with your own stage is just too much." It was too much for him, but not for her. Lorena had realized that her feelings for Matthias were not as great as she had believed. Otherwise, she might have backed off a bit for his sake and not taken on so many more assignments. But now she enjoyed being in such demand. Being successful was a good feeling. "You were great again, Ms. Werding," also praised the home's director, who was just approaching her. "Unfortunately, I could only peek into the hall for a few minutes, but I really liked what I saw." "Thank you, Mrs. Reuter." Lorena was pleased with the praise. She chatted briefly with the home's director, who was in a hurry and left right away. The audience also gradually left the home's performance hall, accompanied by their caregivers, some of them in wheelchairs. Lorena waved to them all, and they waved back happily. "They are so happy and grateful, these folks," Lorena remarked as she dismantled the stage with her good friend and helper. "Hopefully we'll get to enjoy a therapy puppet show someday when we're that age," Paul commented, grimacing. Lorena laughed. "It'll be at least fifty years before then. I'm sure there will be many more facilities like this." "Or it will all be automated and there won't be a human hand behind the whole service, just robots," Paul oracularized. "What a horrible idea! No, I don't like to think about that now. Hand me that donkey, there's something wrong with the strings. I think it needs to be fixed." Lorena looked at the animal puppet, with which she had had some trouble during the performance. One of the strings had come loose, fortunately that was easily fixed. After everything was dismantled and the puppets were put back in their boxes, Lorena and Paul took everything to their minivan, which was parked in the parking lot behind the retirement home, and stowed the equipment.