"Hello, can you hear me?" For the umpteenth time, emergency physician Andrea Bergen tapped the accident victim on the cheek, but the young woman did not respond. "What exactly happened?" she wanted to know from the bystanders. "I'm the driver of the white SUV," explained a sympathetic-looking man in a leather hat, who still had horror written all over his face. "I was hit by the truck and slammed into the bicyclist." "At what speed?" the emergency physician asked, trying to get an idea of the force of the impact. At the same time, she removed a circulatory-strengthening agent from her emergency kit, which she now injected into the patient. "Fortunately, only minimal. Thirty kilometers per hour, maybe," was the young man's response. Andrea Bergen nodded with satisfaction. Then the impact had probably not been very violent, although strong enough to cause him to lose consciousness. The truck driver was already being questioned by the police. Another officer had seized the casualty's hip pocket and found an ID card in it. "A Lorena Werding," he read out. "Mr. Miehlke, please take notes," Andrea Bergen asked one of the two paramedics. Now the young woman was moving. She moaned softly, then opened her eyes. Her gaze first lingered on the man in the hat. "Hello," she said in a slightly washed-out voice. "What's going on here? Who are you all?" "I hit you with the car, but it wasn't my fault," the man in the hat explained. She tried to sit up, but sank back down with a cry of pain. "Ouch!" she pressed out. Her gray-green eyes filled with tears. "I can hardly breathe from the pain." "Slow down," the ER doctor admonished. "Stay like that for now, Ms. Werding." She injected her with a fast-acting painkiller and then continued the examination. Her hand remained above the sternum. Even in her initial assessment of the injuries, she had guessed at a sternal fracture, a break in the breastbone. The abnormal raising and lowering of the rib cage during breathing also suggested this. On top of that, several ribs appeared to be involved. "I'm so sorry," the passenger car driver said unhappily. The emergency physician asked her two paramedics to use the utmost care in getting the patient onto the stretcher and into the ambulance. "It's best to take a scoop stretcher and vacuum mattress," she added. Jupp and Miehlke got into the van and retrieved the desired utensils. "Where are you taking her, Frau Doktor?" asked the man in the leather hat. "To Elisabeth Hospital on the Rhine Promenade," Andrea Bergen replied in a friendly manner. In the ambulance, she immediately gave the patient an ECG to determine whether the heart had also been affected. Injuries to the thorax often involve bruising of the heart and lungs. The ECG showed no abnormalities. Nevertheless, after being admitted to Elisabeth Hospital, Andrea Bergen arranged for laboratory tests to determine cardiac enzymes in order to rule out any injuries to the heart. "What are they going to do to me now?" the patient asked. Her shortness of breath worried the emergency physician. It could well be that the lungs were affected. But great pain was also an explanation. "You're going to have an X-ray first," she explained. "Depending on the results, you may still need a CT scan or an ultrasound. Dr. Meurer, our bone specialist, will talk to you afterwards." Lorena Werding closed her eyes in surrender. "This is not how I imagined the evening going," she muttered. As the X-rays revealed, Lorena had sustained a sternal fracture with rib contusion. In depth, Dr. Kurt Meurer explained to her how things stood in her case. "You're fortunate that it's a smooth horizontal fracture and not a dislocated fracture," he explained. "So no surgery is required. We're going to do a slight hyperextension of the spine so there's no displacement of the fragments, and we're going to put what's called a circular support bandage on you." "That sounds like a very painful procedure," the patient commented with a small grimace. "Of course, simultaneous pain management will be performed," the specialist reassured her. "You don't need to be afraid of excessive pain." In response, all that came from the patient was a surrendered sigh.