Marissa couldn't shake the thought that Carsten's brother might be the perfect stem cell donor for Lilly. There had to be a way to find him. Through the German embassy in Bombay, perhaps? The consulate? Carsten still thought it was impossible. But Marissa wanted to exhaust all possibilities. After all, her child's life was at stake. It might take too long to find a suitable foreign donor. Marissa began to search the Internet. Excitedly, she studied the search results. There were several men named Theo Phillips, but they could not be identical to Carsten's brother, as she discovered when looking at the photos on the websites and Facebook pages. Finally, in one of the online phone directories, she found a Theo Phillips who was a sports coach for children and teenagers in Bonn. I wonder if that could be him. No matter, she had to try everything. So she sent him an e-mail asking if he was Carsten Phillips' brother and explained the situation. She didn't tell Carsten at first. First she wanted to wait and see if it was really the right Theo Phillips and if he was willing to donate stem cells for his little niece. For two days she got no answer. Marissa was already afraid that she had got the wrong Theo Phillips, but then she received an e-mail from him. He was the right man! And he was willing to donate stem cells to Lilly. "Oh, my God!" Tears ran down Marissa's cheeks in relief. Again, she read Theo's mail. He asked to meet so they could discuss details, stressing that he didn't value meeting his parents and brother. Marissa wrote back and suggested a meeting place halfway to Bonn. Theo agreed to this. After they agreed on a time, nothing stood in the way of a meeting. When she asked for a sign of recognition, he replied, to her surprise, that he would recognize her immediately, since he had only recently seen her coming out of the toy paradise with Carsten and their little daughter. To her family, Marissa stated that she wanted to do some Christmas shopping that afternoon. Her mother-in-law was not very edified by this, because she would have needed Marissa at the store, but she could not persuade her to postpone her shopping. So the phone conversation ended in mild displeasure.