Suddenly Lilly opened her eyes. The blond woman with the red anorak looked exactly like the nice woman with the girl! "There's the aunt again!" she called excitedly, but no one heard her because her voice sounded so soft and hoarse. Lilly couldn't speak louder either, because she had a bad sore throat. No one paid any attention to her, no one noticed the little girl who hurriedly slipped out of the store door just as new customers came in. Outside on the sidewalk, Lilly looked around searchingly. Where had the woman gone? She couldn't spot her anywhere now. A raven hopped along in front of her. Here and there it picked up bits and pieces that people had dropped. A piece of pretzel, half a bratwurst, a French fry. Lilly decided to call him Adebar. "Raven Adebar, where did dear Auntie go with the red anorak? If you show me, I'll give you some gum." Lilly had no idea where to get a piece of gum, but she had to tempt the raven with something. He took the chunk he was eating in his beak and hopped a little further. The little girl followed him. And every time she asked him about the woman in the red anorak, he hopped a little further: down the street, across a square where there was a big Christmas tree, and into an alley. All of a sudden, the raven had disappeared. Anxiously, Lilly looked around in all directions. "Raven Adebar, where are you?" she called out and immediately had to cough terribly. Fortunately, she spotted him again shortly after. He was sitting on a garbage can and nodded at her. "That way," he croaked and flew a little further. Lilly followed him as fast as she could. Sometimes she had to stop because she couldn't breathe and the stinging in her chest was too bad. Then she lost sight of the raven for a while. But he always reappeared. Once he sat on a window sill, once on a bench in the park. But there was still no trace of the woman in the red anorak. The black raven had long existed only in her imagination. But Lilly was not aware of that. She saw him sometimes here, sometimes there, and once he was completely white because it had started to snow. Lilly always thought that was so beautiful, even if the snowflakes were wet and cold. "Mother Holle," she said happily and stretched her arms up to the sky. Lilly heard church bells. She loved those. She followed the sound and shortly after stood in front of a church with a nativity scene set up in front of it. Lilly looked at it devoutly. "Are you lost?" a woman next to her asked, looking at her with concern. "Where's your mommy?" "There," Lilly said quickly, pointing to a couple with two children who were also admiring the crib. The woman was satisfied and continued walking. Yes, where was her mommy anyway? And daddy and grandma and grandpa and the whole store with all the toys? Lilly turned in circles. Everything looked so different. She had certainly never been here before. She didn't realize that she had been walking around town for hours and had ended up in a completely different neighborhood. She was still looking for the nice woman. So many people had red anoraks on, but it was always the wrong ones. There was the raven again. He was sitting on a wall, squawking impatiently. "I'm coming," Lilly called and ran across the street. Lilly began to feel cold. Good thing she had her Santa hat on, it was nice and warm. But her hands and feet were freezing. She also had only slippers on and no jacket. Suddenly there were no more houses and almost no more people. In front of her was the great river, dark and mighty. It sent an icy wind over to her, which made Lilly freeze even more. Gradually, she became afraid. She didn't want to look for the nice woman any longer. She was probably already at home. Lilly just wanted to get back to her parents and grandparents. But where was the right way? "Adebar, where are you?" Lilly's voice echoed anxiously through the deserted meadows of the Rhine, over which darkness was gradually descending. But the raven remained missing. Maybe he had flown to the store to let Mom and Dad know where she was, Lilly comforted herself. If only it weren't so terribly cold! And if only it didn't sting so much in her chest! She hardly dared to breathe. Lilly walked towards two boulders on the riverbank, between which there was a gap. There she crouched down and pulled her Santa hat deep into her face. Hopefully Adebar knew where the toy paradise was!