The physiotherapy only lasted twenty minutes. Afterwards, Lorena called the pediatric ward to see if Siggi Baumgärtner had time for coffee. "He's with a little patient right now," Nurse Irmela informed her. "But come on up. I think he wanted to take a coffee break quite a while ago and just hasn't gotten around to it yet." "Wonderful," Lorena rejoiced. Today she seemed to be lucky once again, which was not always the case. It happened that Siggi was not on duty or just in a meeting. She went to the elevator and went up to the children's ward. Already at the entrance Siggi met her. "Hey, Lorena, heaven sent you to me!" he shouted. "Nurse Irmela told me you were in the house and wanted to take me out for coffee." They embraced warmly. "Do you have time?" asked Lorena. "Yes, half an hour I can spare. Come." He put his hand in her back and walked with her to the elevator she had just ridden up in. As they rode down, she noticed that Siggi seemed troubled, as if something was bothering him. Maybe he would talk about it on his own. She didn't want to ask him directly. A short time later, they were sitting at one of the tables in the cafeteria, each with a pot of coffee in front of them. Siggi had also asked for one of the mini-pizzas that Fanny Reimers, the tenant, had baked fresh and that tasted absolutely delicious. Lorena, on the other hand, had eaten lunch with a colleague from the puppet stage just two hours ago and wasn't hungry. "What did you actually mean when you said that heaven sent me?" she asked after taking a sip of her coffee. "Oh, right. Remember I told you about our planned Christmas party in the children's ward?" Lorena nodded. "You were going to come up with a special Christmas story for your Punch and Judy show." "The script is ready, but I won't be able to act." Siggi sighed. "I have to start my Christmas vacation earlier than planned. My father had a stroke. I just found out a few hours ago." "Oh, no!" said Lorena, affected. "I'm so sorry to hear that. Is it bad?" "It's fine. The left side of his body is paralyzed at the moment, but that may go away. Mentally, he's fit, fortunately. My mother is completely distraught. She is always terribly helpless without my father." Lorena drank thoughtfully from her coffee. "And now you want me to fill in for you?" "Exactly. I mean, if it's not too much to ask?" Siggi looked at her pleadingly. "I know how busy you are, but if you could somehow arrange it ..." Lorena considered. The whole thing appealed to her. And she would really like to help Siggi out of a jam. "It depends on how elaborate the story is, of course." "I can email you a copy of it. Read through the story and then let me know if you want to play it." "All right," Lorena agreed. "But I can only do it very close to Christmas, because I'm completely booked for the next few weeks." "No problem. Then we'll just change the date." Shortly after, Siggi had to go back to his station.