Andrea was already in bed when she heard Werner come home. She breathed a sigh of relief. Finally he was there! It took a while before he came into the bedroom. Presumably he had eaten something else. "I'm still awake," Andrea said as he began to undress in the dark, flicking on her bedside lamp. "I'm sorry it got so late." Werner sounded infinitely tired. He slipped under the covers and snuggled up to Andrea. "Did anything out of the ordinary happen?" she asked after giving him a peck. "You know the case of little Thomas Reck, whose breathing is not working properly and who has to sleep with a breathing mask," Werner began to report. "A few days ago, his mother took him to the doctor's office because he had the flu. I treated him and wrote a prescription. Of course, the mother is doubly concerned about his breathing problems. I told her if his condition got worse to call me and I would come to her house rather than have her bring the boy in. So that's what she did tonight. She was completely distraught because Thomas was in such a bad way. When I got there, I too was horrified. The boy had already gone into respiratory arrest." "Oh, God! You resuscitated him?" "Yes. Fortunately, that worked, too. I then immediately called the emergency services. Thomas is better off in the pediatric ward at Elisabeth Hospital at the moment." "The mother is also still very young and inexperienced," Andrea recalled. "And the father on the road in the field. Now Thomas is in good hands, and the incident won't happen again. Of course, the mother needs to be carefully briefed again on everything she needs to know about how to handle her sick child." They chatted briefly more about this case, and then Werner also told them about his other home visits, which, however, had not been as dramatic. But at the end there was something else that had taken a heavy toll on him. "On the way home, I got a call from my colleague Baumgärtner. Mirja Stobert is coming to an end." "Oh no!" Andrea raised her head in shock. Eight-year-old Mirja, who suffered from rhabdomyosarcoma, a malignant tumor that originated in the skeletal muscles and spread mainly to the soft tissues, had been Werner's number one problem child for quite some time. Despite countless therapies, the girl had recurred time and again. "She wanted to see me again, so of course I went straight there. That was pretty tough." Werner Bergen not only owned his practice in his parents' villa on Beethovenstraße, he was also an attending physician in the pediatric ward of Elisabeth Hospital and was very popular there. "I believe you, Werner." Sympathetically, Andrea stroked him. "Do you think she won't survive the night at all?" "Probably not. That's Doris' opinion, too." Dr. Doris Gellert was the senior physician in the pediatric ward, with whom the Bergens were also private friends. "And that's before Christmas." Andrea sighed. She thought of the time when Mirja and her mother had still come regularly to Werner's practice. Before they went home again, she had always wanted to play with Dolly. And now she would never come here again. Werner pulled her lovingly into his arms. "We'll talk more tomorrow, or we won't be able to sleep with all this sad news. Good night, dear." Andrea wished him a good night as well. One last kiss, then she turned aside. But it took quite a while until she fell asleep.