"I'm going to go insane! This can't be happening." Full of despair, Marissa ran her fingers through her hair. "Lilly can't have just disappeared. She has to be here somewhere." "It wouldn't be the first time she's run away," Carsten reminded her. His voice wavered with worry, too. "We know our little runaway." Outside on the road, loud honking and the screeching of tires could be heard. Someone let out a scream. Marissa's heart froze. "Oh my God, Lilly!" She rushed out of the store, jostling passersby and nearly falling. "Slow down, young lady, or there's going to be an accident," an older gentleman said, taking her by the arm for support. "What happened?" she mumbled dazedly. "Did a child run into a car?" The dense stream of passersby blocked her view of the street. "Not a child, but an old woman. That is, almost," the man added. "It's all good." Marissa breathed a sigh of relief. It wasn't Lilly. She looked around in all directions and kept calling her daughter's name, but Lilly didn't come running. Nor had she been seen in the neighboring stores where she inquired. "Damn!" Marissa felt so helpless that she would have preferred to burst into tears. She ran back into the store. "Did you find her?" she asked her mother-in-law, who also looked distraught. "No, not a trace," Ellen replied in a strained voice. In the meantime, the customers had also noticed that the shopkeepers' little daughter was missing. They all joined in the search, but no one found a dark-haired girl wearing a red Santa hat and a white sweater. "She couldn't have been hiding that well," Norbert Phillips said, shaking his head anxiously. He had hoped until the very end that his granddaughter was hiding somewhere in the spacious sales rooms. But now he was beginning to give up hope. "Could she have escaped into the stairwell?" asked a good customer who knew her way around the premises. "The back door is always locked," Ellen replied. "But I can take a look." She left and returned a moment later with the report that the door was still locked. Only the fire door was unlocked, but it was far too heavy for Lilly to open. Marissa snatched the coat from the coat rack. "I'll go look outside," she shouted and hurried out of the store. Completely headless and beside herself with fear, Marissa ran through the neighboring streets, alleys and compounds. Over and over she called Lilly's name, frantically watching for her and asking passersby, but no one had seen a little girl matching the description. In Marissa's coat pocket, her cell phone rang. It was Carsten. "Did you find her?" she asked hopefully. "No. Have you?" "Neither. My God, what a nightmare! I just can't believe it." Marissa heaved a sob. "Our little girl ..." "Now don't lose your nerve, dear." Carsten's words sounded reassuring, but she could clearly hear from his voice that he was as scared for Lilly as she was. "She doesn't even have proper shoes or a jacket on. She's going to get even sicker than she already is. Oh, if only I had stayed home with her!" Carsten did not elaborate on her hidden reproach. "It's useless if you keep running around making yourself crazy. We'll have to get the police involved." "Yes - yes, of course, you're right." Marissa wiped tears from her cheeks. "Are you going to do that? Or should I ..." "I'll call in a minute. Please come back, Marissa." "All right." Of course, she continued to keep an eye out for Lilly on the way back to Toy Paradise. When she arrived at the store, she felt the questioning stares of her in-laws and several customers upon her. Disconsolately, she shook her head. No, she had not found her little daughter. Carsten took her in his arms. Then he pushed her toward the office. "Drink something warm first," he recommended. Together they then drank a cup of coffee. "Did you call the police?" asked Marissa. "Yes, they took everything in. But they also said the search will be difficult because the city is teeming with people in the run-up to Christmas." "Well, that's a comfort, maybe!" Marissa burst into desperate tears again.