But when Aruula reached the last corner of the house, she was hit by another wave and literally thrown back. The barbarian gasped and had to lean against the wall of the house to keep from falling over. Her feeling told her that these energy discharges occurred in ever shorter intervals. In return, their intensity was steadily increasing. "Where is this going?" she whispered, forcing herself to keep going. "What are you up to, you damned archivist?" Beyond the corner, she caught sight of the monumental domed building of the Cesars, with the prominent tower behind it. But the triumphant structure was more affected by the impact of the waves than anything else. Burning drones circled the rooftops in a lurching flight. The lanterns on the boulevard had turned into flickering lights. The Roman world was in chaos. Lights also blazed in the windows of the palace. There was a fire! Screams rang out, mingled with the crackle and pop of ravenous fire. Then there was an explosion. North down the street, an entire house went up in a cloud of dust and flames. Mothers with their children by the hand ran out of their homes and toward the harbor. Followed by their men, laden with what they could grab and carry. As much as Aruula felt the impulse to help, she had another goal. She had to save her own little ragtag family, and Maddrax first and foremost. So she hurried on, trying to block out the fates of the rest of the people as best she could. Another of the Cesar's flying spies had gone into a spin and crashed toward the ground. With a crash, the drone went down, smashing on the stone and leaving a trail of soot several meters long and a small pile of scrap metal. Was this the end of the world? And what exactly did this mean for the anomaly and for the old familiar Earth outside? Even without specific knowledge or exact timing, it was clear to Aruula that these ripples symbolized something like a countdown. And what would occur at time zero would not be anything good. It was high time to leave this place. The forecourt of the palace was also in chaos. Some soldiers were running back and forth with buckets between the fountain and the stairway to extinguish one of the fires in the entrance hall. Others, in headlong panic, sought their salvation in flight. None of them would stand in Aruula's way. No one here even glanced at her as she ran across the middle of the square and entered the palace through the wide-open portal. She knew the way to her prison room. But Maddrax could be anywhere. Maybe up in the tower. Or else together with Aticus - or rather Patrem - in the throne room. Or should she check the courtyard first to see if the glider was still there? It was most logical, but Aruula's heart did not yet want to feel the pain she thought she would find there. Instead, she began searching the rooms for Maddrax and took it upon herself to do so: If she should encounter the Archivist, he would die, no matter what her companion might say. She would confront him and make him pay for what he and his species had done to her. This time, revenge would taste sweeter than any act of mercy. In the corridors she ran along, frightened servants met her, some injured, but all in shock and panic. Even when she entered the throne room, no one stood in her way. The only thing that constantly accompanied her were these waves of energy.