The room with the snake symbol was quickly found. Without hesitation, she threw herself shoulder-first against the door, so hard that it jumped off its hinges and fell rumbling to the floor. But she found only empty beds and the bloody testimonies, of injured people who had hoped for healing here only a few hours or minutes ago. So only the courtyard remained. The place Aruula had been dreading since she got here. For the sight would answer more questions than she cared to ask. As she stepped out into the large area with the fountain in one corner, she knew that her worst fears had come true: The glider was gone, and most likely also the archivist including Maddrax as his hostage. Instead, she found Aticus chattering confusedly to himself and running in circles, without him seeming to notice her. Aruula raised her sword and pointed it at the Cesar. The medicus had not exaggerated. Aticus was acting like a mental patient. He appeared sallow, ruffled his hair with both hands, and jerked his head around as if he kept looking around for the shadows of his mind. "Where are they?" cried Aruula in an energetic voice, taking a few steps toward him. "Where is my companion?" she asked again in a moment when Aticus did not respond. Only when she was all the way over and snapped him out of his obsessive run with a slap did he seem to notice her at all. Roughly, she pushed him off of her until he crashed backwards against the wall. "Where did they go?" she hissed at him. "He's gone. He left me," Aticus stammered. "I failed the test. I am unworthy." There was pure despair in his voice. So all-encompassing that Aruula almost felt pity again. "Who's gone?" asked Aruula more moderately now. "My master. He has left me. He has left all of us. This world is going to die. We are all going to die," Aticus whimpered. Aruula opened her eavesdropping mind and carefully probed his mind to hopefully learn more. However, chaos reigned within Aticus. "Where did he go?" she repeated, "I don't know. He kept it from me," whimpered the Cesar. He fell to his knees and buried his face in his hands. "Where is he?" cried Aruula, reaching the end of her patience. She raised her sword anew and pointed it at Aticus. This world might be ending, but it wasn't giving up that easily. Aruula asked relentlessly, again and again. Because she had to know. She grabbed him, pulled him to his feet, and rammed him against the wall again. "Was my companion with him? Tell me!" "He was," Aticus gasped. His gaze was clouded. "Of course he was. He's to blame. I felt right away as if his arrival were a bad omen. No man should fly like a bird." "You weak, stupid human!" she blurted out. "You were a toy, nothing more. A means to an end. A shell into which this parasite of an archivist could slip as he pleased! And in return, he will destroy you all, I feel it! When this countdown of energy waves is over, there will be nothing left of your oh so holy Rome! Consider it punishment from your gods and at least die with dignity!" "Kill me," Aticus whimpered. Full of despair, he tore off his tunic and scratched his bloated body bloody. Then Aruula understood. Patrem had made him dependent. She knew how bad withdrawal symptoms could be. She had experienced it herself under Samugaar. Her anger faded. But it was not her place to take this man's life, even if it meant redemption. He would have to make it out with his gods. She lowered the blade, turned and ran. She had to get out of the palace before the waves destroyed the rest of it. Maddrax was out of her reach. Now it was time to get herself and her friends to safety before it all ended.