The entrance to Shin'loa's hideout lay dug directly into the shoreline after swimming through the crevasse. A small rocky outcrop served as a footbridge. They would certainly not look for her here. But it was not a solution to their problems. The hiding place offered space for all of them, but they had to move close together. A circumstance that created tension that could not be overlooked. The few liberated savages wanted to go hunting, challenging those who were just going through the process of abstinence to their limits. The rest seemed depressed to hopeless. They squatted together in their alcoves, chewing on their supply packets of seaweed and wondering what the future would bring. Ydiel and Ru'kor, like the other fighters, had their wounds tended. Quart'ol had sought a dry spot with Aruula a little apart. "How will this continue, Quart'ol?" asked the warrior from the Thirteen Islands. "I don't know," he replied, sighing deeply. "Out there beyond the barrier is our own world. That's where we belong," Aruula said. Quart'ol shared her thoughts. But one could not look at the whole thing in isolation. One might be related to the other. "Our only chance is Maddrax with the glider," the hydrite finally replied. "Without him, we won't be able to get past the barrier anytime soon. We'd have to build ourselves an airship, but that's going to set the Romans off." "What do you think happened to him?" asked Aruula. "Maddrax?" Quart'ol shrugged. "The Cesar has him under his control. We can only hope to catch him off guard. Then he will come looking for us." "Agartha," Aruula said suddenly. Quart'ol looked at her questioningly. "Maddrax was thinking intensely of Agartha when he sat under the Archivist's spell in his tower room," Aruula continued. "I'm sure it was a clue to its destination. This Patrem wants to go to Agartha. Presumably to conquer it." "Can he do that?" Aruula sighed deeply. "No one knows what domain weapons the damn guy has. It's possible." "Do you think he's already on his way there?" "Can't imagine," Aruula said after a moment's thought. "He has all sorts of things to do here, especially after the uprising in the dungeons. Before he turns his back on Rooma, he needs to consolidate his power. From that point of view, it was good that we roughed up his guard." They were silent for a while. After order was restored as much as possible between savages and circle members, Shin'loa joined them. Her glances at Quart'ol were not to be misunderstood. She was interested in him in the same way that anything different always captivates you first. It had nothing to do with genuine affection. "What about your friend?" asked Shin'loa. "Can we hope for his help?" Quart'ol brought her up to date. Which didn't exactly boost Shin'loa's hopes. "Then we'll have to try on our own," she said firmly. "But we must be careful. After freeing so many of my kind, the soldiers certainly won't be afraid to just slaughter us as soon as they see us. Not to mention the creepy flying eyes. We might have been able to overpower the soldiers in the catacombs, but we're no match for those modern weapons." "My companion's glider is the only means of breaking out of this prison," Aruula said. "But we can't get to him. The last time I saw him, he was standing in the courtyard of the palace. The Cesar will have him closely guarded." "We won't know that," Shin'loa countered, "until we check." "Go back to the palace?" asked Quart'ol. "You already said that would be suicide." "For you, perhaps, but not for me." Aruula straightened up and grabbed her sword pommel. "In disguise, I will look like a Roman, and the night will be my ally. I will try to sneak into the palace." "They're looking for you as much as they're looking for us," the hydrite countered, though he knew the barbarian would not be swayed. She was a stubborn one, and she loved Maddrax. "I won't let you go alone, Aruula," he said with a friendly snap. Aruula grinned wryly. "You have Shin'loa and the others to look after. Besides, it's not like this is the first time I've had to get Maddrax out of a mess he got himself into." Quart'ol rose as well. "A compromise: If you are not back here by sunrise, I will come for you," Quart'ol said with a serious face. Aruula smiled surreptitiously. "I will be back in time. If Wudan wills it, with Maddrax. And if the other gods also stand by us, we'll bring the glider with us." She readjusted her weapon and prepared to leave. "I'll help you dive through the rift," Shin'loa offered, but the barbarian waved it off. "I know how far it is now. I can do it alone." Just as she was about to jump into the water, however, Quart'ol felt a ... discomfort. He couldn't describe it. It had been like an energetic wave rushing through him. And when it had passed, there was something ominous in the air. Aruula had sensed it, too. Her eyes met his, and he saw terror in them. But before he could ask if this phenomenon might have something to do with the anomaly, Aruula had disappeared into the water.