An hour later, he strode across the park to his brother's villa. His sister-in-law received him in her drawing room. She was a beautiful, slender woman with blond hair and blue eyes that looked very sad. He greeted her in his usual chivalrous manner and looked into her eyes full of kindness. "How are you, Ellen?" he asked sympathetically. With a weary smile she looked up at him. "As well as I can be, Magnus. Physically, I feel well he and fresher than I have in a long time. "I'm glad to hear that. You look exquisite, too. Now you must become happy again, too. I want to wish it on you - and on Fred, too. Believe me, he suffers from your depressed mood, too." She sighed. "Has Fred been complaining about me?" "Not about you. He's just complaining that you're so uncheerful." "I can't laugh and be merry, not now, after all that has happened." Reassuringly, Magnus stroked her hand. "No one will ask that of you. We only wish for your sake that you revive. Just remember that the war is over, that you have Fred home all the time now." She grasped his hand with a smile. "Good Magnus, I know you mean well by me - and by Fred. And sometimes I'm a little ashamed that I'm not braver. It may get better when I don't have to be alone so much. I can't stand being alone since those terrible days when my child died. It drives me restlessly around the house. This will certainly change when I have a young companion around me. Then I will not be able to brood so much, she will distract me. And then I shall be gladder and fresher when Fred comes home." "It shall make me glad. I hope the young lady Frau von Schwarzburg recommended to you agrees with you." "Oh, she must be a marvel of good qualities. Lanie Schwarzburg describes her to me in the brightest colors. She has endured five years in the service of Countess Rosenberg - a heartily unsympathetic lady, of whom we, as bake-fish, have always been afraid. I visited with Lanie a few times at Alteichen with the old Countess Rosenberg. It's a wonderful estate in Thuringia, and I would have liked it there much better if it hadn't been for the mistress of the castle with her red eyelids, hooked nose, and croaking organ." Ellen had become a little more animated. Magnus listened with a smile. "Well, if the countess was so unkind, her companion will make a good exchange with you. For the rest, I hope your friend, Frau von Schwarzburg, will cheer you up a bit already. How long do you intend to stay with her?" "Fred has given me a fortnight's leave." "Then I hope that after a fortnight you will come home fresh and happy, with the pearl of a companion." Ellen smiled. "Don't say that so mockingly, Magnus! If the young lady has endured without complaint for five years with the Countess, who used to put six or eight companions a year to flight, she must really be a pearl."