So the hours passed quickly. And when the train stopped at her destination, Rosemarie still didn't know what her mistress's name was. A certain embarrassment about her carelessness prevented her from asking. She hoped to learn the name soon anyway. When the train stopped, the maid got off first to call the servant who was standing on the platform. He hurried over to take the light hand luggage, which Rosemarie handed to him through the window. For the time being, she could not pay attention to the fact that her mistress had been received by two gentlemen in the meantime. Only when she got out herself did she see Frau Ellen standing with the two gentlemen. And there she suddenly flinched as if affected and stood as if paralyzed. She stared at Magnus and Fred Rittner with wide, horrified eyes. She had turned deathly pale. As she stood there so stunned, Magnus Rittner turned his face to the side and now also caught sight of Rosemarie. The two people looked at each other for a few moments. And one noticed the other's stunned fright. Magnus Rittner also turned pale at Rosemarie's unexpected sight, but he did not yet suspect that Rosemarie was Ellen's companion. Fortunately, Ellen was still busy greeting her husband. And so she noticed neither Rosemarie's fright nor her brother-in-law's pale. Magnus, however, now saw that Rosemarie suddenly made an escape-like movement, as if instinctively, as if she wanted to board the train again. She would certainly have done so, too, in her terror, if the train had not just started moving again. With helplessly drooping arms and horrified eyes, she now stood there, laboriously trying to regain her composure. And now Mrs. Ellen turned to the two gentlemen. "I will now finally introduce my companion to you," she said and looked around searchingly for Rosemarie. Magnus was startled when Ellen approached Rosemarie. Only now did he grasp the situation. He grabbed Fred's arm with an abrupt grip. "Careful Fred - grab hold!" he whispered. The next moment Mrs. Ellen pulled Rosemarie in front of the two gentlemen. "My husband and brother-in-law, this is Fr채ulein von Salten, my new companion," she introduced. Fred stared affectedly into Rosemarie's face. With difficulty he struggled for composure. Then Magnus, with all his might, made himself master of the situation. "This is a surprise, Ellen! Fr채ulein von Salten is not a complete stranger to us, we know each other from a stay together in Cairo - from the time before the war," he said in a rather firm voice, for he felt that he had to save the situation not only for his brother but also for Rosemarie. Mrs. Ellen looked in amazement at Magnus and then at Rosemarie. She did not pay attention to her husband at first. This gave Fred time to compose himself. "How Fr채ulein von Salten, you know my husband and my brother-in-law? You didn't speak of that?" Rosemarie desperately wrestled down her excitement. She even forced a shadowy smile around her mouth. "Forgive me, madam, I am no less surprised than the gentlemen. I had not understood your name when introduced by Frau von Schwarzburg, and she had never mentioned it elsewhere. So I only knew that you were a Baroness Reinsberg by birth, and only at this moment I learn that your name is Rittner," she said with pale lips. Ellen laughed harmlessly. "Oh, that's amusing! Well, in any case, you've met now, and it only remains for me to introduce you here to Fred Rittner, my husband, and Magnus Rittner, my brother-in-law." The two brothers had exchanged a furtive glance. Fred was, of course, very little edified to see Rosemarie von Salten as his wife's companion. That could be nice! Magnus Rittner, however, realized above all how embarrassing this meeting must be for Rosemarie. He saw that she was desperately struggling for composure. Pity filled his heart. What might she be suffering in this encounter? With what feelings might she now take up her position? To give her time to compose herself and to divert Ellen's attention from her, he said artfully, "We have lost sight of each other since that meeting in Cairo, my gracious lady. How is your wife's mother?" Rosemarie looked at him with a look that shook him. And she felt as if his eyes were the only thing holding her back from the feelings that were rushing at her. Giving firmness to her voice, she replied, "My mother has been dead for years." "For years already?" asked Magnus in amazement. "Yes, she fell ill in Cairo at that time and never recovered. On the return trip her condition worsened, and then in Genoa she died." "And you were alone with her?" asked Magnus full of warm participation. Rosemarie was both pleased and pained by this participation. "Yes, I was alone with her - after all, I have been standing all alone in life since her death. And at that time I very gladly accepted the position with the Countess Rosenberg, which she offered me. She lived in the boarding house where my mother died." "Oh, you poor thing!" said Frau Ellen piteously. "So through your helplessness you have become dependent on Countess Rosenberg! How badly fate has dealt with you!" Rosemarie breathed a shuddering sigh of relief. Much, much worse was fate now dealing with her. "I had no choice but to earn my bread. My mother left me completely penniless, and I was grateful to the Countess for hiring me because she couldn't get a companion just then. I have always remained grateful to her for that, in spite of everything." "So that's why you endured those terrible years with her! Poor Fr채ulein von Salten, the crispy witch must have harassed you badly." "She had her little idiosyncrasies and was seldom at ease herself. That's why she had her wicked whims." "Well, you shall recover from that with us. But now let's go home first." Fred offered his wife his arm. He had not yet spoken a word to Rosemarie.