On the morning following her mother's funeral, she went down to the breakfast room of the boarding house. Besides Rosemarie, there was an old lady in the breakfast room whom she had already met. It was a Countess Rosenberg, a German. She had a less than pleasant face with small, piercing eyes and a pinched mouth that betrayed avarice. She also had the unpleasant quality of staring curiously at everyone through a long-handled lorgnon. A harsh, croaking organ and permanent dissatisfaction with all things also characterized the old lady. She did not look aristocratic at all, and her clothes betrayed that she was very thrifty or very poor. But the boarding house owner had told Rosemarie that Countess Rosenberg was immensely rich, owned a large castle in Thuringia, and was excessively thrifty only out of avarice. She had already stayed several times for some time in this pension, always when she was in Genoa. It was only because of her reputation that she was taken in, because she was incredibly stingy and made a big lament about every soldi. This time, too, she had been here for several weeks and was looking for a partner because her previous one had simply run away from her. Her former companions had also unanimously said that the Countess was unbearable. Rosemarie had not paid any further attention to this conversation of the pension owner. But in any case, the German countess, even though she was a compatriot, seemed very unappealing to her, even if she did not believe everything the boarding house owner had said. Rosemarie now took her breakfast and asked the innkeeper for the address of a reliable jeweler. The landlady gave her the address and immediately left the room. The unpleasant German countess looked up from her newspaper into Rosemarie's face. "Do you want to buy jewelry, gnädiges Fräulein?" she asked, croaking. Rosemarie looked at her calmly. "No, I want to sell jewelry, madam." The countess shook her head. "Sell? Well, well - I heard your wife's mother died in this house. I condole. You have probably been momentarily embarrassed by this and must sell jewelry. Isn't that so?" Rosemarie was uncomfortable with this intrusive, less-than-countable curiosity. But she didn't want to be rude against an old lady: "That's right, Countess," she replied. "Then don't go to the jeweler the boarding-house owner recommended to you; he'll rip you off. I am well known in Genoa and can give you a better address. But still be careful that he doesn't cheat you. Here everyone cheats the strangers. You're young and inexperienced, and you seem pretty unself-reliant." Rosemarie took a pressed breath. "Indeed, I am not accustomed to standing alone, and have become quite lonely through the sudden and unexpected death of my mother," she said, finding it a boon now, after all, that she could speak out to a countrywoman. "Well - I will make you a suggestion," replied the Countess. "I am plagued by boredom; I am also lonely because I had to dismiss my companion. She was a frivolous creature. I am looking for a new companion and am detained here until I find one, because I cannot travel alone. I am sometimes struck with a malaise and then I must have someone around me. Now, to avoid boredom, I want to accompany you to the jeweler. I know my way around jewels and no one should cheat you in my presence. Also, I speak fluent Italian." Hesitantly, Rosemarie looked into the ugly face with the reddened eyelids and piercing eyes. "I don't know if I can trouble you, Countess." The Countess shrugged her shoulders. "I told you that I only made this offer to you to escape boredom. You need not feel indebted to me." "Then I will gladly accept your kind offer, Countess. I am very inexperienced and do not even know approximately what a piece of jewelry is worth. My mother left me a lot of jewelry, but no cash fortune. Her pension, on which we lived, expires with her death. I am without much cash and have to sell at least some of the jewelry. My mother never wanted to part with it, even when we were once in need. But I now need to know what its value is so I can arrange my life around it. And that is why I want to have it appraised by the jeweler." The Countess smiled strangely. "Well, you are fortunate that you have made this opening to a lady who is sincere with you. Otherwise your trustfulness might become very dangerous for you. You must not speak so openly of carrying precious jewelry. There are bad people enough who take advantage of that. You really seem to be very inexperienced." Rosemarie brushed her hair out of her forehead in embarrassment. "Yes, I have been unwise, I realize that now. But you are a German, a lady of the aristocracy. So my behavior is not so unwise." The Countess's eyes twinkled at her mockingly. "Well, who can vouch for you that I am really a German countess? There are all sorts of impostors and adventuresses floating about in the world." Startled, Rosemarie stared at the countess. The old lady laughed her thin, husky laugh. "Now, now, don't be frightened! In this case, you have now happened to come to the right address. But in the future, let what I have told you be a lesson to you." Rosemarie was honestly grateful to the old lady. On closer acquaintance she no longer seemed so very unpleasant. She now arranged with the Countess that they would leave the boarding house in an hour. And the Countess advised Rosemarie to carry the jewelry in an inconspicuous traveling handbag.