Mrs. Ellen had also retired to change her clothes. The brothers had remained alone and had retired to Fred's study. Fred stopped excitedly in front of his brother. "Well, this is a nice surprise, Magnus!" The latter nodded. "Yes, I understand your excitement. It's lucky Ellen didn't notice anything." "Lucky, indeed. She mustn't find out either." "Of course not." "But if Fräulein von Salten blabs?" "She won't chatter. I have asked her for discretion, and she has assured me of it." "Gottlob, that reassures me, at least for the present. But what is to become of it now? Surely I can't live with her under this roof for years." "Knowing her, she will have no greater desire than to get away from here again." Fred laughed nervously. "The matter is more tricky than you think; Ellen told me with great satisfaction that she has contracted Fräulein von Salten for three years, and she will not release her easily, even if the young lady is willing to go away." Magnus bit his lips. "That does complicate the situation, though. But it will be possible to find a way out. For the time being, of course, nothing can be changed, especially since Fräulein von Salten will not find another place to stay right away. So for the time being, you must resign yourself to the inevitable. You won't have much time with her anyway, and of course I'll do my best to make the situation easier for you." Fred breathed a sigh of relief, and his easy-going disposition quickly conquered his resentment. He even laughed a little now at his own embarrassment at Rosemary's sudden appearance. "For the rest, she has become even more beautiful than she was then. And she certainly does not seem to have inherited her mother's blood of adventure, or she would not have endured for years in such a laborious position. The Countess Rosenberg must have been a real dragon. Ellen told me all sorts of things about how she bullied her companion. So the poor thing hasn't led an easy life, and God knows I'm sorry that she now finds herself in such a difficult situation here," he said. Magnus's eyes lit up. "Of what qualities her character is, another circumstance will clearly show you," he said, and told Fred how Rosemarie had spent the ten thousand marks she had received from the count's estate. Fred was amazed. "Golly! That's really creditable!" "I'm glad you acknowledge it, Fred. I, at any rate, am filled with great pity for the poor thing. You should have heard her talk about what she felt when she learned from the diary after her mother's death what her mother did. And now fate is playing this new trick on her. She's in quite a desperate mood." "Christ, yes, you can feel sorry for her! It's a made-up bad luck that she had no idea whose house she was coming into. Otherwise, I'm sure she wouldn't have accepted the position." "Absolutely not! And in any case, you and I must do everything we can to help her get over this embarrassing situation. This includes, above all, dealing with her as impartially as possible and treating her entirely as if she were a superficial acquaintance from the past and now a pleasant housemate. Hopefully, by now she will have gotten over the feeling she once gave you." Fred made a dismissive motion. "I beg you, Magnus, we haven't seen or heard from each other all these years! Surely there is nothing left of such a feeling." With a strangely heavy look Magnus looked at him. "I suppose not with you, Fred, but there are also characters whom such things bind more firmly." Fred shook his head. "No, no, she looked at me indifferently. That's the kind of thing you feel. Surely she's long since done with this affair of the heart. Who knows if she ever really loved me! She probably saw in me, above all, a good match." Magnus shook his head vigorously. "No! I am firmly convinced that she could have made a good match long ago, if only provision had mattered to her. Remember how much she was courted!" "Well, it is possible. Beautiful enough she is - more beautiful now than then. Her face has taken on an interesting expression." "That has been drawn into it by suffering, I suppose." "Possibly, but it is there, and she has only gained by it." Concerned, Magnus looked at his brother. "Fred, she won't be dangerous to you again, will she?" With a laugh, Fred shook his head. "No, Magnus, don't be concerned! I won't fall in love with the same woman twice. Well - and besides, I am married, after all, and still in love with my wife. If Ellen is amused, then she is lovely after all. And I certainly don't do anything foolish anymore." "I should like that very much, Fred. I hope you find full happiness in your marriage again now. Ellen seems, thank God, to have got over the bad time." "Yes, she is as lively and cheerful as ever, and all will be well now." The gentlemen chatted for a while longer until it was time to go to the table.