Rosemarie had looked around for her mother when she came in from the terrace and then sat down next to her. Her heart was full of restlessness. And she too kept looking over at Magnus Rittner, wondering why he looked so pale and gloomy. But then her eyes also met Fred's. And from those eyes shone such a sunny, exultant exuberance that she had to smile furtively. "We'll want to cheer Magnus up already, Fred and I, if I can only be around him every day," she thought. While she sat quietly and introvertedly beside her mother, occasionally looking into her face from the side, she suddenly noticed that her mother's face contracted as if in acute pain. She grabbed her hand in fright. "Are you not feeling well, mama? Are you in pain? Frau von Salten stroked her eyes. "It will pass, Rosemarie - pay no attention to it!" Frau von Salten had a heart condition that often caused her great pain. But she didn't like it to be noticed. The doctors she consulted here and there told her that she must have rest and not get excited. At the moment she was having a mild seizure, but it passed quickly. She had become a little upset, after all, that she had just had to approach Magnus Rittner for money. But she had no other way out, and now she could not get rid of the vague feeling that she had committed a folly. Oh, if only this uncertain, miserable life would have an end! Rosemarie could not long for a peaceful harbor any more than she did. If only Fred Rittner would finally speak! This time Rosemarie would not say no. Fred Rittner appealed to her. And that was no wonder with his captivating personality. What luck, if Rosemarie would become his wife! Then everything - everything was good! If only Schlieben didn't blab! He was not allowed to, if everything was not to go to ruin. Schlieben was the only person she feared. He had met her too often, could know too much, and always looked at her so strangely, as if to say, "I know you very well." If only she could have rendered him harmless! Suddenly a thought twitched in her. She now had money again - five thousand marks. What if she paid Schlieben back his two thousand marks? Then he would be silenced, then he could no longer be dangerous to her. While she was thinking this, she noticed that Fred Rittner rose and stepped into the next room to his brother. At the same time she heard Rosemarie breathing deeply beside her. She turned to look at her and saw a strange, strange gleam in her child's eyes. With a firm grip she grasped Rosemarie's hand. "Rosemarie, how do you stand with Fred Rittner?" she whispered hoarsely. Rosemarie glowed. "We're engaged, Mama. He wants to talk to you tomorrow," she whispered back. Frau von Salten trembled. She squeezed Rosemarie's hand so hard it hurt, and breathed a deep sigh of relief from nameless agony. "Gottlob! Gottlob, Rosemarie! May you be happy!" Rosemarie looked at her in happy surprise. Gratefully she pressed her mother's hand. "Oh, mamma, dear mamma - I love him, very dear." "So much the better, my child. I begrudge you to follow your heart. It is such great happiness for a poor girl. But now hush! We will speak of it further when we are alone." Rosemarie's heart was lighter now. Unabashedly she gave herself up to the enjoyment of the concert. And at the end she chatted for a while with some gentlemen and ladies who were planning a trip on the Nile for the coming day. Only then did she retire to her room with her mother. She had not seen Fred again, although she was on the lookout for him. He had disappeared. Only Magnus Rittner stood from a distance and looked at her with a strangely pained expression.