Days passed before Mrs. von Salten recovered enough to leave the bed again in a matter of hours. And she seemed to have aged by years. But no sooner had she regained control of her body than she was already making new plans. One day she wrote in her diary I have rejoiced too soon, the fountain of my sufferings is not yet full, and the beautiful dream of peace and liberation is dreamed out. Rosemary's happiness has gone to pieces, and she has no idea why. I, however, do. A tiny remark in Fred Rittner's farewell letter to Rosemarie told me. This remark was seemingly thrown in unintentionally, but it was meant for me. Schlieben gossiped, and for Magnus Rittner and his brother I am now considered an adventuress whose daughter no honest man would take as a wife. Is it so bad what I did? Was I not driven to it by bitter need? Did I have any other choice if I didn't want to starve with my child? Poor Rosemarie, she has been rejected because her mother is an adventuress. If she knew, it would have to destroy her. She has such a delicate sense of honor - a terrible gift for her situation. The fact that Fred Rittner wrote her such a cold, meaningless farewell letter humbles her unspeakably. She thinks he has given her up because she is poor. Oh no, her poverty would not have been an obstacle. Schlieben told Magnus Rittner that I am an adventuress, so he hurriedly led his brother away. Rosemarie must not suspect why she was spurned. I feel terribly sorry for her, and I suffer tenfold with her. But I must not let it get me down, I must keep my head up. I must do everything in my power to marry Rosemarie off. We have to get away from here, into another environment, into another circle. Fortunately, I still have some money. I can't pay back the two thousand marks now, I can't spare the money now. Oh, what a terrible life! As soon as I am able to travel, we will leave Cairo and go to the Riviera. Perhaps fortune will be favorable to us there. Herr von Heinzius is there. He courted Rosemarie so strongly in Sankt Moritz and would have explained himself if she had not prevented it. He wrote me a little letter in which he tells me that he cannot forget Rosemarie and asks me if she is not yet more favorably disposed towards him. He would carry her on his hands, fulfill her every wish. I answered him that we were coming to Nice and that I hoped he would receive Rosemarie's promise. He must receive it. I must make Rosemarie understand that there is no other way out, must tell her frankly that we are on the verge of complete collapse if she does not decide to marry him: Admittedly, he is almost twenty years older than she is, but he is rich, and that is all that should matter to us. I hope she will be more docile after her experience with Fred Rittner.