 "... until death do you part." Blessing, the bishop placed his hand on the crown of Leonie's head. This was the moment when Leonie regained full consciousness. She looked up, recognized the priest as a bishop and friend of the family, and the veil tore through which she had previously perceived everything only blurred and muffled. Almost as if in a trance, she had tried on a wedding dress, a copy of the lace dream of Alessandra's gown. She had also endured the dress rehearsal of the wedding in the cathedral - the prince was to lead both daughters up the wide aisle to the altar - and had felt she was rehearsing as a double. Suddenly, here, now, in this second, when the words "... until death do you part" seeped into her consciousness, the realization hit her that it was her, Leonie von Wallmenroth. Horrified, she stared at Paul's hand, which wore a ring. At her hand, which wore a ring. Her gaze continued to wander over the red velvet of the prayer stool, on which the four of them knelt before the altar, until she came upon Julien's hand, which also wore a ring and now lay protectively over Alessandra's hand. An almost unbearable pain almost tore her heart. Over there lay the hand she loved. The one she had adored ... the one she had felt to be the most beautiful man's hand ... the one that had been allowed to touch and caress her body. And now that hand was over Alessandra's fingers. Leonie would have given a lot to really faint now. What had happened? What was she doing here? Was no one taking her away from here? The stops of the organ were pulled up, a Bach cantata roared. The fresh voices of a boys' choir cheered in between. Panic filled Leonie. She tried to free herself from her kneeling position, but got caught in the wide skirt of the wedding dress. Protectively, Paul put his left arm around her. "What is it, dear?" She turned her startled face to him. "Where am I?" His eyes laughed. "In the cathedral of Wallmenroth. We've just been married." "We?" Leonie saw Julien de Sablemer pull his wife up from the pew and into his arms with one elegant movement. Then he cheerfully leaned down and kissed Alessandra on the mouth. A journalist and a cameraman appeared at the front of the sanctuary. "One more kiss," the journalist asked. "And you, Serene Highness, and Dr. von Bierow, please also smile and then kiss. You are the second happy couple, after all." "Go on, kiss each other already," Julien demanded cheerfully. "I know Leonie can kiss." Paul winced slightly. He was uncomfortably touched. He found Julien's remark simply tasteless. But there were the photographers, and he knew that Julien also wanted to exploit this wedding as a marketing campaign for his Francoise cosmetics. He sensed that Leonie was scared for some reason, but took her firmly around the waist and pulled her close. "Please kiss me. We can talk about everything later." "I ... I'm so ashamed," she stammered, "ashamed?" "That's not a friendly face, Your Highness," the TV man admonished. "How about a kiss now, then? On the count of three, please kiss here at last!" While the bishop, with an indulgent smile, gave his blessing to the worldly fuss, and the organ and choir rose to jubilant heights, the bridesmaids rose from the front pews to form a trellis, and the little girls with the baskets of flowers stepped up beside them - Alessandra kissed Julien long and lingeringly, while Paul bent over his little princess. Their lips barely touched, noted the bishop, who was closing the book of books. If he, as a man of God, could afford to pass judgment on the marriage, he did not give the fashionable couple three years. But Leonie and this serious Paul, these were the young people who became brave, steady spouses. If they did not yet love each other as passionately as the others ... Time will tell. In any case, he would pray for these two young human children.