"Can you explain to me why your sister shows up at the office so often?", Paul asked her on one of her rare walks in the park of the castle. "Work rage can't be it. She may say she wants to help. But in reality, she's just keeping Julien from working." "It always has to be about her," Leonie replied in that dull voice that had been typical of her lately. Alessandra's meanness and Julien's betrayal seemed to have inflicted a greater wound on her than she cared to admit. "So you do see through your sister! I'm glad to hear that. I thought until now that you idolized Alessandra. Madame de Fornac told me that you had been bent on inviting Alessandra to the engagement," Paul provoked his bride, because Leonie's grief worried him. Anger flashed in the princess' eyes. "That's true. But do you think the story would have turned out differently if Alessandra had come to the wedding first?" "In that sense, maybe it's better that only the engagement broke off," Paul had to admit. He hooked Leonie under. He liked this forest path bordered by tall fir trees. He loved the smell and the strange silence that only came from coniferous forests. It was a silence that continued in the heart and brought peace. Suddenly he wished so much to know how Leonie really felt about him. But the subject was off limits for now. She paused in the middle of the path. "Can you tell me why Julien is such a fickle ... bastard?" Tears stood in her eyes. "Leonie, I'm sorry. You're talking about my boss and longtime friend. I can't go on about Julien's character, can I?" "And you're talking to your future wife ... So? Why is the Prince de Sablemer so flippant? How could he love me and turn back within a week and ..." Paul cleared his throat in embarrassment. "Fickle he is not, reckless he is. The answer to your question is that he didn't love you as deeply as you love him - and now - he loves Alessandra in the same casual way. I suppose that Alessandra seemed more attractive to him as a wife for his Francoise ad, and..." Leonie had blushed to the tips of her hair. "That's a mean thing to say, I can't believe it." Paul cringed. "Sorry, dearest, I was just thinking out loud. Of course, that wasn't the case. Because basically, I can't imagine how any man could exchange you for that vain hollow creature." Leonie had sunk back into her lethargic posture. "But I can." "Like that, and for what reason?" "Because she's more beautiful," she explained somberly, not saying another word during the entire walk.