"I forbid you to do that!" "Excuse me?" Leonie had jumped up so violently that the blue china with the Wallmenroth coat of arms clinked. "You want to forbid me to dispose of my own money?" "Yes." Paul continued to eat calmly. "It is my money, isn't it?" "Yes." "And I have sole power of disposal over it?" "Yes." With an angry gesture, Paul put the napkin down on the table. "But I am your husband, and I advise you ..." "Aha, so you're advising me. That sounds better." Leonie sat down again, though her eyes still sparkled with anger. It was the first argument in their marriage, and she, the usually gentle Leonie, had a damned good mind to assert herself and pick a fight. "Do you actually know what a surety is?" asked Paul patiently, pouring her some of the country wine they drank at dinner. Since he often left the house on the Elbchaussee very early in the morning, this meal together was the highlight of the day for him. It was a pity that the evening was now spoiled by Julien and Alessandra. "Of course I know what a surety bond is! It's a banking formality. A surety - my surety! - gives Alessandra and Julien the opportunity to get money from the bank that they desperately need. That's all. A small gesture of friendship." "Which can cost you your entire fortune, Leonie! With Julien and Alessandra and Francoise Cosmetics and the huge fuss they're making about it, it's millions! It's a barrel with a thousand holes, and your money will pour out of it, too." "It doesn't matter what it's about or where anything goes," Leonie grumbled. Tears stood in her eyes. "I want to help them, and I will help them, even if it means going up against you for the first time." "But you can still think, Princess, can't you?" asked Paul angrily. "Do you have any idea how big Alessandra's dowry was? No? But I do! Do you have any idea what property value is behind Sablemer Castle? If the Prince and Princess of Sablemer don't give their own son a guarantee, then Julien - or rather our beauty-obsessed Alessandra - must have squandered even more money than I suspect. There was a firm calculation at the time about how much money to invest in Francoise cosmetics and that the southern German region should be targeted first ... But you can't understand any of that." "I don't need to," she replied belligerently. "Alessandra has asked me for help." "Behind which, I'm sure, Julien is!" "And what, pray tell, is that supposed to mean?" "It's supposed to mean that our clean-cut couple isn't afraid to bring feelings into play here that ..." Paul hesitated. "Them?" she challenged him. "... Which I hope no longer play a role," he replied somewhat lamely. "Sorry, that wasn't fair of me. All I care about is that those two child-heads ..." "...by which I assume you mean the Princess and Prince of Sablemer?" "The most illustrious prince and princess for all I care ... Nevertheless, in my eyes, the two of them remain children who have never had to lift a finger in their lives to earn serious money. Look, you're typing and slaving away for your fifty cents a line ..." "Because it's fun for me." "Fun or no fun, if you spent a week researching and working, you might be able to buy a pair of shoes for that money. Cheap shoes, mind you, not the kind your noble foot is used to. Alessandra, on the other hand, walks past a jewelry store and sees a piece of jewelry. She goes in and buys it. Just like that, no matter how expensive." "And why wouldn't she, if the money is there?" Now Paul pounded the table. "But it's not there anymore! It hasn't been there for a long time! That's why they have to take out these loans that they want you to guarantee and that they can never pay back, because the cart's already gone and they need their principal to cover the interest. You see: If your prince doesn't win the lottery, he's toast!" Leonie had gone pale, tears shimmering in her eyes again. "Aren't you judging a little too harshly, Paul? You were Julien's friend once! I remember how he spoke of you with admiration." Unhappily she bowed her head. "Sometimes I think it's all my fault. If I hadn't married you, you wouldn't have broken up with Julien. Then you'd still be his financial advisor, and Francoise Cosmetics might be a success, too. I ... I feel partly responsible for this bankruptcy, do you realize that?" He shook his head. "No, I don't understand that. Where did you get the idea that our marriage had anything to do with Julien and Alessandra's insane spending ..." "Alessandra says..." "I see, Alessandra ... What does dear Alessandra say?" Leonie swallowed. "I ... I would have driven a wedge between you and Julien." "You?" Paul stared at his wife in disbelief. "And you're thinking about this bullshit? Alessandra and Julien are the culprits, they're throwing money out the window, there's nothing I could have done about that, even as their financial advisor." "Couldn't ... couldn't you help them now?" "How?" She smiled tentatively. "By trying to do damage control, for example. You could counsel them, couldn't you?" Paul hesitated. He had other plans than to deal with his former friend's shattered finances. But if it made Leonie happy ... He raised his head. "All right, dear, I could advise him. But I tell you, I'm doing it against my better judgment - because Julien only benefits from one thing: a rude awakening, so he realizes that even a Prince of Sablemer should learn arithmetic if he wants to do successful business." Leonie reached for his hand. "Thank you." "Wait, I'm not being entirely altruistic about this. If I do you this favor, I have a price for it: I want you to stay away from them in the future when they have problems. Do you understand?" "Will you help Julien?" she made sure. "Yes." "Then I'll be happy to promise." Leonie beamed at her husband. At that moment, she could have fallen in love with him. Although sometimes she felt that she had been in love with him for a long time. Living with Paul was pleasant and beautiful. And if he now also granted her this great wish of her heart ... "Thank you," she said again. He smiled and unfolded his napkin. "Then all is well again, dear. Now, let Martha come in. I think the good soul has been standing outside the door for five minutes with the tureens and doesn't dare come in."