Leonie looked around with interest. She was familiar with historical hams with dead bodies and fighters from Wallmenroth Castle. But these suddenly got under her skin. One picture showed the guillotine and the executioner triumphantly showing the head of a nobleman to the common people. Sensitive as she had been lately to cruelty or sad life circumstances, she felt the scene like a punch in the pit of her stomach. This air, she was still thinking, and then she saw the pictures all slide down from the walls. With a dull thud, the princess landed on the floor. Since Scholz Jr. had Leonie's home phone number, he notified Martha, and she immediately called Dr. von Bierow at his offices on Kaiser-Wilhelm-Platz. It did not take fifteen minutes, and the Count arrived at the antiquarian picture shop. Here Leonie was sitting on the kitchen chair on the second floor, looking richly pale around the nose. Clasped under her arm, she held a wrapped picture. Spontaneously, Paul knelt down in front of his wife. "What are you doing here?" he asked in an occupied voice, kissing her hand. Leonie responded in amazement. "What am I doing here? I'm exploring Hamburg. The air was just too stuffy. And where did you come from?" "I called your husband," Scholz Jr. reported. "I opened all the windows, too." "Thank you." Somewhat embarrassed, Paul rose from his adoring position. He grabbed Leonie under the arm. "Shall we go home now?" "But don't you have all sorts of important appointments today?" "I don't see what could be more important to me than you." She looked up at him and saw the laughter in his eyes. "What's there to laugh about?" she asked with slight suspicion. The situation seemed kind of ... weird to her. She wanted to buy a painting, she felt sick, and now Paul was standing in this store laughing! "I'm not laughing, I'm happy. Now come on, dear. Can I take your picture from you?" "No." She held it even tighter. "It's for you. It's supposed to be a big surprise." Now he really laughed, and it sounded resolved and happy. "Another surprise! Isn't that a bit much for one day? But now let's get you home. And tomorrow morning we'll go to Doctor Gebhardt." "What am I supposed to do at Doctor Gebhardt's?" she asked herself again, obtuse and stubborn - as in almost all important situations in her life. "I always thought it was sometimes difficult to tell a man he was going to be a father. But it seems just as hard to tell a princess she might become a mother. Don't they talk about such things in castles?" "Me?!" Leonie's eyes snapped open. "Is that why I fell over?" "Suppose so. Are you coming home with me now?" "But I'm all right now!" she protested. "What if I enjoyed spending this day with you? May I now take from you the package you clutch as if the painting were a real van Gogh?" With a sense of regret, she handed him the small, wrapped painting, which really couldn't match the surprise that was now occupying Paul's mind. A baby ... Why did men immediately think of pregnancy when one felt woozy? Then again ... Surely that was the way of things. She had to get comfortable with the idea before she burst into jubilation. Somehow it was all happening too fast for her. She would have liked a little more time to really learn to love Paul. She him - and he her. Now he would carry her on his hands because she had a child by him, and then he would love and respect her as a mother, and they would be a family. But where would that leave Leonie and Paul? Just as there had once been Leonie and Julien?