 By the second course and the third glass of wine, Leonie was ready to see things less narrowly. She was beaming. It was just too good to sit across from Julien the way she used to and chat with him in a relaxed way. Julien's hand - that hand she loved so much - was resting on the white tablecloth or clasping the long-stemmed wine glass. No man could have a more beautiful hand. The slender gold wedding band flashed against the tanned skin, giving Julien a more masculine, serious air. No one in the restaurant looked better than Julien, as evidenced by the looks of the other women. Detached and amused, Leonie basked in the knowledge that she was the envy of this man. "You know," Julien began after the third course had been served - paper-thin slices of salmon with spinach leaves and half a potato, "sometimes it seems to me that I married the wrong sister. I'm sure I would have been much happier with you, doe." Leonie was startled. "Please don't, Julien, you wanted a beautiful wife, and now you even have the most beautiful one." "Beauty!" he replied almost contemptuously. "I didn't know then that being beautiful was a vocation that kept you busy eighty hours a week." "Why, no!" Leonie laughed out. "That's nonsense, Julien! Alessandra is twenty-five, you might engage in such beauty rituals after forty and ..." "Oh, you mean Alessandra might go up? I don't know if the thought is supposed to be comforting." He put his hand on hers. "Look, doe, how easy life could be for both of us if I were a fool ..." He raised his glass and looked at the color of the wine, as if that helped him think, and then went back to carefully studying Leonie's face. "Do you love Paul? Did you make the better choice?" Leonie blushed. "Sorry, I ... I don't know if I should answer that." "Why not? I was your first great love - and now I'm something like your big brother." "But you're asking questions that were none of a big brother's business." He continued to regard her thoughtfully, and then a glint came into his eyes that she knew. "Couldn't we start over again with our story?" Leonie grew hot with shock or indignation. But also with joy. He still liked her! Julien was still in love with her! It was possible to forget everything that had been and go back to the very day Alessandra had entered the castle, rather the day before Alessandra had entered the castle. "Do you want a divorce?" she asked, "a divorce? Why divorce in the first place? I think we should act like adults and do what our hearts tell us." He grabbed her hand again. She let him have it. Warmth moved through her arm and spread throughout her body. What was it? The wine or her love for Julien? Suddenly Leonie felt such an overwhelming longing for this man that she became quite dizzy. She closed her eyes, and Julien took the opportunity to bring her hand to his lips. "My sweet Leonie," she heard his soft voice. "Let's enjoy life a little, shall we? Look how the wind is tearing up the three oaks out there! Who wants to go out on the country road on a night like this, especially if, like us right now, they've actually had one too many glasses? So stay, beloved, there is everything in favor and nothing against." Leonie had opened her eyes and looked first at the floodlit, windswept trees and then at Julien. "I could take a cab." "Sure, you could." Leonie lifted her gaze and lost herself in the depths of his eyes. He looked at her the same way he had before. The months of grief that lay between then and now suddenly didn't exist. Nor did their marriage and the fact that Paul and she had become lovers, though not an overly passionate one. What was wrong with her? Surely she didn't have what it took to be a woman between two men. Where did this pull come from? This temptation? My God, it was big, this temptation that had taken possession of her whole body! If Julien got up now, she would follow him willy-nilly wherever he wanted to go. "Excuse me a moment, please," she stammered, rising to make a quick trip to the washroom. She ran cold water over her hands and over the crook of her arm, even sprinkling her face. She wanted, she had to come to again.