 When Leonie drove up to the "Three Oaks," everything seemed quite familiar to her. There were the tall trees that had swayed and ruffled in the wind back then. Now they showed shy leaf buds. This time, too, the trees were illuminated as landmarks because it was already dark. They seemed to have been waiting for them at the reception. The porter told them that the Prince of Sablemer was in his room, second floor on the left, number 24. "Is the prince all right?" asked Leonie, astonished that Julien lacked any kind of etiquette. She would have preferred to meet him down here at the bar. "He's fine, well enough anyway," the doorman replied irreverently. The look he gave Leonie was probably meant to be some kind of cronyism that repulsed her. She went up the wide staircase and found room 24. Tentatively, she knocked. Maybe Julien was asleep, in which case she would have waited downstairs. "Come in," it sounded rather briskly, and Leonie entered. The sight that met her eyes amazed her. A cozy fire blazed in the fireplace, very much in keeping with the rustic character of the interior. Julien stood in front of the fireplace and was opening a bottle of champagne. He was wearing a white dinner jacket with black trousers. His hair was fantastically styled, his complexion tanned, his aura as confident of victory as ever. He nodded at her and grinned. "Come on in, doe," he invited her. "I thought we were eating up here. I don't want anyone to get wind that we're seeing each other. That wouldn't be so convenient for me right now. You understand, the divorce and all." Leonie walked toward one of the little flowered armchairs in front of the fireplace. "I thought you were sick." "Sick? Yes, of course I'm sick. Sick with excitement about how this is going to turn out tomorrow. Sick with worry about what kind of settlement Alessandra will come up with if the VIVA cosmetics deal does work out. Sick with anger and hurt vanity because my marriage is on the rocks." He handed Leonie a glass of sparkling champagne. "Here's to your health, doe. I'm glad you came!" He pointed to the set table. "I ordered roast venison because I know you like it." Leonie sat down. Somehow it all seemed so trivial to her. She was putting her marriage at risk to hear that his business made him sick. And anyway ... If her heart had melted with pity because he had been so depressed, now he was back on top so much that he needed the Victory Column as a pedestal. She looked at his hand, which now no longer had the golden ring on it, and felt ... nothing! Nothing more of the trembling and tingling that had run through her body before. And this nothing-more-feeling was so strange that she would have liked to cry. He noticed her glance at his hand. "Don't look so tragic because I'm not wearing the ring anymore. I'll survive the divorce. And you, are you happy that I'm getting divorced?" "Me? No, I'm sorry for any marriage that fails." She raised her glass. "Would you answer a question for me?" He smiled confidently and stood in an elegant pose by the tall fireplace. "Of course. Go ahead and ask." "Have you actually thought of me with longing at any time in the last year?" He hesitated. "Are you still that romantic, doe?" "Have you thought of me with longing anytime in the last year?" she repeated. "With longing ..." Julien gave his former bride and current sister-in-law a long, thoughtful look. How pretty Leonie looked! She had much finer features than Alessandra, and she still seemed to him as delicate and shy and bona fide as she had then. These are the women one should marry and carry on one's hands, dear Julien, he said to himself. How easy it would be for him now to tell a little lie. But suddenly Julien recognized the need in Leonie's eyes. This girl loved and adored him, and he had never proved himself worthy of those feelings. If he said yes now, Leonie would continue to wait for him, surely jeopardizing her marriage to Paul, and he - he realized with a rare spark of self-criticism -, for all his charm and title and better looks, was the worse man of the two of them. "No," he said. "I'm sorry, doe. I was married to your sister Alessandra, and there I had no time to indulge in any romantic thoughts or longings. I'm sorry," he repeated, raising his glass. Leonie was struck. She turned white, tears came to her eyes. She tightened and tried not to let the low blow show. "And I," she said bravely, "thought of you almost every day, longed for you, and only ever wished you well. I haven't seen a painting without thinking you might see it, haven't heard a poem without searching my thoughts and yours in it, haven't seen a sunset without..." She paused. "Sorry. I suppose you don't like sentimentality." She put down the glass and rose. "Goodbye, Julien," she said in a clenched voice. "I ... am, so to speak, giving you notice of my love. I don't think it will shake you too much. I'm not thanking you now for some time that was once beautiful, I..." She reached for her jewelry case and headed for the door. "Hold on, Leonie." He hurried ahead of her and opened the door, but didn't let her pass yet. "But I thank you, doe, for all the affection and love you have shown me. I am sure that such a gift will never be given to me again, and I hope that I have not driven a wedge between you and Paul. Because sometimes I wish it were like old times - that we could all be friends again. Do you think that would be possible - sometime?" "Maybe." Eager to get out of his sight, Leonie slipped under his arm. Another second and she would burst into tears! "Do you want me to walk you downstairs to your car? Or drive you back to Hamburg?" he offered. "For heaven's sake, no," Leonie groaned out. "Good night and good luck tomorrow," she mumbled, and then headed toward the stairs as quickly as she could.