When she returned home two days later, Leonie was pale and no longer the person she had been before. Somehow she seemed to have lost confidence in herself. She had betrayed Paul and caused him and herself and both their families a great deal of pain. And she had lied! Maybe Paul would have forgiven her. But she, she couldn't forgive herself. "Princess, you worry me." Vera sat on the edge of Paul's desk, rocking her right foot. Leonie startled, "Why? Isn't the article all right?" "I'm sure the article is fine. But the fact that you're cringing over everything and have lost your cheerful confidence, I don't like it. It's a beautiful March out there with the first rays of sunshine, and you're sitting here as a little pale and grieving to yourself. Even Piet says ..." Leonie stapled the six pages about the house at number 111 Elbchaussee into a folder. In this villa lived a former captain who liked to tell her funny anecdotes from his life. "What does Piet mean?" "Piet means that we should take care of the mental health of our employees." "Our employees? Are you speaking in the plural? You only have me!" "Exactly." Vera hopped off the desk. "And if we lose you, then we can start all over again with our cheese paper." Vera pulled Paul's desk chair over and sat down next to Leonie. "It's because of the baby, isn't it?" Leonie fell silent and put two more photos of the mansion in the loose-leaf binder she'd gotten from the captain. "Do you keep quiet about real problems in illustrious circles? Or do you talk about them with a - friend?" Leonie smiled. "Girlfriend? I thank you for the offer. I thought you Hanseatic people were so cool and buttoned up." "We're a bit reserved, but we have hearts of gold. Joking aside, Leonie. If I elevate myself to the status of a friend - solicited or unsolicited - I do it to have the right to talk to you. I ... for I think there is something else gnawing at you than the loss of the child." Leonie remained silent and wrote the address of the Nienstadt Sunday paper in felt-tip pen on an envelope, into which she slipped the loose-leaf binder. Vera was undeterred. "Since I was involved in the hoax at that time to give you an alibi for that night, something must have happened that night that is still bothering you today. I have a feeling you're suffering from a guilt complex. Did you pull the tail off a squirrel?" she tried to joke. "No." "Damn, did you run into a ghost?" "You could call it that." "Aha. Since you know few people in Hamburg who cross your path at night, it was someone from your past." Leonie handed Vera the envelope. "What were you actually before you bought up the print shop with your brother?" "I was on the police force. I was one of those flaky doughboys in uniform, like they bounce around in the TV shows." Now Leonie was curious after all. "Why did you leave that job?" "Because I couldn't put up with the cruelty on the streets and also fell in love with the wrong man. I said goodbye to both the job and the man, and started a new life with Piet, which is even beginning to pay off thanks to your help. If I may give you some advice..." Vera looked at Leonie with her black eyes. "May I give you some advice?" Leonie smiled. "You may." "Forget that man and confess to yours what really happened that night." Leonie had gone pale. "What other man?" "I told you I was with the police. I still have connections today. There's the testimony of the person who took you to the hospital. The man parked on the side of the road briefly that night to get his headlight in order. He testified that a silver-gray sports car was coming toward you at excessive speed and probably blinded you. In any event, your car began to lurch on the wet roadway, and you hit the lamppost. The next day, by chance, he saw the silver-gray car again on the same road. He took down the number and notified the police in case you were interested in the sequence of events of the accident for insurance reasons it ... Is that the ghost you are carrying around? The man with the silver chariot - your brother-in-law, the Prince of Sablemer?" "Does ... does Paul know about these things? Did the police tell him?" "I don't think so. But I think you should tell him." Vehemently, Leonie shook her head. "No. What man could forgive it if his wife lost his child out of ... stupidity or wantonness?" Vera put a hand on Leonie's shoulder. "Try it. If only to come clean with yourself. You come from a family, after all, where there have even been brave crusaders." "The Crusaders thing was over seven hundred years ago." Vera laughed good-naturedly. "Of course, if you reckon in such time dimensions, you can take your time with your talk. I'll be back the day after tomorrow. If you want, we can talk about everything again." She accepted the envelope and lifted it. "I have to go to Piet's to finish his Sunday paper."