 Hours earlier in the Himalayan region Matt saw hundreds, if not thousands of smaller images of the giant worm approaching. They were crawling, wriggling, or spilling towards him as a slimy ball! Keep going, Matt ordered himself in his mind. Just think about your goal. You have to reach the exit and the glider! The critters weren't really dangerous if you looked at them individually. Obviously the offspring that had been summoned by the mother worm. But in their sheer mass, they threatened to bury Matt beneath them and take him with them. Matt kicked around, grabbing worm after worm and flinging them aside to struggle free and wade forward. The slime was tough, but he had to make it. He had to get through, now that he was free of the brow ring and following his own will he could fly back and rescue his friends. He huffed and puffed and kept crawling until he could finally see the exit in front of him. At last the number of worms decreased a little. Perhaps the brood instinctively knew it had to stay in the cave system to be safe. One last kick, then a leap, and Matthew Drax stood outside on the plateau. Twilight bathed the area in a red-orange glow, making the glider shine like a saving angel. When he had climbed in and taken his place in the pilot's seat, he paused for a moment and turned around. Could he reconcile leaving the archivist behind with his conscience? Without making sure he was dead? Matt's heart of vengeance screamed yes! But his deeply human side objected. No matter what Patrem had done or his intentions, if he was still alive, he would be lost when Matt took off. They were in the middle of the snow-covered Himalayas, hundreds of miles from the nearest settlement. Not to mention that around the former Agartha ran a circular crevasse that was insurmountable for the archivist. Perhaps Patrem still had an ace up his sleeve, but certainly not enough to face all this alone. For the BagBox with all its wonder weapons was on his seat in the glider. But did Matt really have a choice? Aruula and the others were in mortal danger as well. Did he want to risk their rescue just to see if Patrem hadn't been eaten yet? Determined, he carried out the launch procedure. He activated the jets, flipped the levers, let the on-board computer determine the external parameters, and then slowly applied thrust. But the glider did not move. Matt pushed the thrust lever further forward. He heard the jets. But still the glider remained on the ground. The turbines thundered, the glider vibrated, but did not move. "Shit, damn it!" grumbled Matt, backing off the thrust. One look out the window was enough to see the reason for his problem. The worms had crawled out of not only "his" earth tunnel, but others as well. The safe burrow thing apparently had no meaning for adult animals. Instead, they had purposefully clustered around the glider during launch preparations. Their bodies, together with the slime, looked like a meter-thick layer of construction foam. Matt activated the laser cannons. But they were understandably not meant to fire at the glider's immediate surroundings. The angle was simply not enough. Matt was caught - and trapped. Getting out wasn't an option either, given the slimy throng.