"Where is he? Somebody tell me where he is!" Aticus stormed through the corridors of the palace, wrenching open doors, peering behind curtains and into every chamber he could find, while half a dozen guards followed him. But his mystery master was and remained missing. "Perhaps something happened to him in his tower," Aticus babbled to himself. "An ailment, an accident; maybe he just dozed off. Someone must go and see!" The Cesar turned and fixed one of the guards. "Or has he been hiding? Is this all just a test? Is he trying to test me? Speak up!" None of the soldiers dared to open their mouths. Perplexed, they stood there. Useless they were! "Yes, it will be a test," he continued. "A lesson in thinking because I've pushed him so hard the last few times. He wants to test how long I can last without my potion." Again Patrem ran off, and the guards followed him. From the cellar to the kitchen to the attached bathhouse his path led. And again and again Aticus asked the same question of everyone who crossed his path, "Have you seen the Mystery Master?" Only when he arrived in front of the pantry did he stop to catch his breath. Hurriedly, he looked around, "You know, don't you? You've known all along. Where he's been. Did he hire one of you to watch me? Does he want to hear from you guys how I'm doing? How composed I am about it?" He laughed hysterically. "Then the report doesn't turn out very well, does it? But I can do otherwise. Tell him that! After all, I'm not just anyone he can play his games with! I am the Cesar!" He wandered through the rows of men. They all stared straight ahead. Not a blink, not a twitch of the corners of their mouths. They were good. The perfect accomplices and spies. "You won't tell me, will you? I'll find out anyway," Aticus whispered, nodding a few times to himself. Somehow he had to expose the traitors, shoo them out of their cover. All it took was an order that would be impossible for them to carry out without giving themselves away. Aticus walked in circles, thinking. Just what, what? Then the idea came to him! He had to send them away. Then they wouldn't be able to monitor him. That meant, conversely, that whoever was the spy would not carry out the order! He would contradict him, insist that he had to stay with his Cesar. That way Aticus would find him. Then he would have to confess everything to him! Tell him where the Mystery Master was. Aticus straightened to his full height and shouted with all the determination he could muster, "Fan out! All of you! Search the palace, from top to bottom and all over again! Whoever finds Patrem, report to me immediately! Go, go!" Aticus looked around with great anticipation. Someone would hesitate, look indecisive and speak up, or even refuse to carry it out. But none of that happened. Instead, they acknowledged the order and swarmed out. Two of them turned and disappeared into the corridors from which they had just come. The other four started moving in the opposite direction. Aticus clutched his chest. He could literally feel his heart clenching. How his lifeblood was running dry. He had been wrong. Completely and utterly wrong. He had not yet realized the true task the Mystery Master had given him, had not solved the riddle. He had to think, to look outside the box for answers. He had to consider the impossible. Where would his old self never look for Patrem? In the tower. Of course. The Mystery Master was waiting for the Cesar to come to him. That he dared to enter the tower even without being asked.