 Matt had retrieved handheld thrusters from the glider at Patrem's command. In the process, he had seen that the archivist had left his BagBox on the copilot's seat. But to search through it and find a way out of his misery with the help of one of the artifacts had been impossible for him. For Patrem had wisely forbidden him to attempt any escape - and the very thought of opening the BagBox for that very purpose prevented Matt from doing just that. Nor was there any thought of launching the glider without the archivist. Instead, they now marched side by side down one of the tunnels into the interior of the mountain massif while shining their spotlights on the smooth walls. Matt continued to act confidently calm while the archivist watched for possible traps. Nor did he believe the Agarthans dwelled here - as long as Matt didn't rule that out for himself. "You can quietly introduce me to them as archivist, keeper of time, but not a word about my Roman rule, understood?" he ordered. "Yes, understood," Matthew Drax said, because he had to. His will felt like a sieve full of holes. No matter how much he resisted the archivist's orders, the efforts simply fell through the net and disappeared into the unit pot of the subconscious. He was aware that even his painstakingly constructed deception might be blown after only a few steps in this tunnel. After all, he had no idea how deep the passage reached down into the earth's interior or what would await them down there. He was unsure which of the possible consequences would be worse. That they ran into the arms of a monster? Or that Patrem would ask him for an explanation why there were no Agarthans down here. If scenario number two happened, the archivist would ask him about the next technological power center - and Matt would have no choice but to betray his friends in the hoard of knowledge and put them in danger. For this was the place he would think of next when it came to accumulated knowledge and power potential. Except perhaps for the Pentagon in Waashton or Vernon as the capital of the Hydrites. None of those places would be prepared for an attack like this. Matt was able to distract himself from his gloomy thoughts when he noticed a greenish glow on the walls, glowing even where he didn't point his handheld spotlight. Were these fluorescent plants? He had already seen something similar on Terminus. As a test, he switched off the hand-held spotlight - and was surprised that the brightness hardly dimmed. From here on, they could continue their way without lamps. And the deeper they got, the more intense the luminosity of the greenish vegetation became. Not only on the walls, but also on the ceiling and the floor. More precisely, it was a kind of slime. Was this a freak of nature that happened to help their orientation, or had an intelligence installed it? A few meters further on, a fork appeared. A smaller side branch, and even that seemed to branch out again. A veritable labyrinth! Otherwise there was nothing to see. No animals, no plants except the green slime, and no humanoid species in Tibetan robes. While Matt tried to pick one of the paths at a time as confidently as possible while staying on the main trail, Patrem proved he was no fool. To make markers for the way back, he used Matt's pistol with the laser attachment and burned directional arrows into the tunnel ceiling. "The energy charge is almost depleted," Matthew noted, looking at his gun. "Then we'll use it to the last spark. Anything else would be a waste of material, after all," Patrem returned imperiously. Apparently he thought it would annoy Matt. In truth, however, the man from the past was much more concerned with how they could defend themselves should they encounter something unexpected and eager to attack. His hope of making it back to Rome in time to save Aruula and his friends was dwindling to zero. Still, giving up was not an option. He had to get rid of that damn brow ring, even if it meant plunging headlong into another hole. "How far is it to the entrance to the underground city?" asked Patrem. That was the sentence Matt had been dreading. He tried to suppress the impulse that forced him to answer. He gritted his teeth, and just as his lips opened, he saw before him a light that seemed to mark the end of the passage. Miraculously, a doorway was found there. So there were indeed people living here. Perhaps even the Agarthans from the parallel world! "Only a few hundred more meters," Matt said, estimating the distance.