 "There was simply no way through. Whenever we thought we had found a gap in the dense kelp web, it would overgrow in seconds as soon as we tried to swim through," the hydrite continued, recounting her failed attempt to escape into the sea. "Just as if it had come alive," interjected another hydrite. "As if the barrier was always one step ahead of us. As if it could sense what we were up to next." "And you tried it in several places?" inquired Guan'ril. His brow furrowed deeply, and Quart'ol was also perplexed. "We tried along the coast, diving down to the ocean floor and even trying to climb over the barrier at the surface. It always ended with the same result. Something doesn't want to let us pass," the hydrite reported. "Just like with the thorn hedges," Quart'ol said with a thoughtful clack in his voice. He vaguely remembered seeing rampant kelp in the incident on the reef off Corallblu as well. But at the time, it had been barely higher than usual. How could it grow so quickly? What gave it this unnatural intelligence? That it was related to the anomaly was clear. Was it perhaps time effects that occurred at the edge? Was time itself out of control at these edges, running in fast motion? But that didn't explain the reactive, almost hostile behavior of the plants. "Even the sea no longer wants to welcome us into its fold," Ru'kor said with a rumble in his voice. "We have forfeited our right to exist." "Nonsense!" exclaimed Shin'loa. Quart'ol sensed that the situation was about to degenerate into an argument. That was the last thing they needed right now. The Roman soldiers were most likely already on their heels, having found the passage into the aqueduct. Unrest arose especially among the rescued wild Hydrites. "You promised us freedom!" shouted isolated ones. "The sea is our salvation! Maybe this hag was just too stupid to overcome a little kelp!" "Who's too stupid here?" the hydrite shouted, hissing at him through demonstratively bared teeth. Guan'ril stepped between them, straightened his shoulders, and reared to his full height. But before he could raise his voice, Shin'loa interfered anew. "Father," she said, surprisingly calm and level-headed. "I know a place where we can hide. It will not become a second home, and it is certainly not a permanently safe place. But it will hopefully give us a breather. So we can reflect and find a way out. It takes a lot of effort for people to get there. So they won't track us down so quickly." All eyes turned to the young hydrite and her father. "Where exactly is this place?" inquired Guan'ril. "It is my refuge, which I always seek out when I need distance. It's a little ways south along the coast. You can only reach it from the water. But you don't have to swim far out to get there," Shin'loa explained, her cheeks turning purple with excitement - or embarrassment. A detail Quart'ol found quite attractive, even if the situation as a whole was not one to stir amorous feelings. "Then take us there, Shin'loa," her father decided. "We don't seem to have any other alternative, after all." "Barricade the passage to the aqueduct system first!" shouted Quart'ol to the group. "We need every edge we can get!" "Such a large group of fish people will attract attention when we get to the surface," Aruula said in hushed tones to Quart'ol, as the Hydrites hastily piled everything that wasn't nailed down in front of the passageway. "We can only hope that the coming night will be dark and the moon hidden behind clouds," he replied.