Patrem exhaled with a gasp as the glider began to spin and the centrifugal force lifted him out of the chair. Through the cockpit windows, he saw Rome hurtling toward him as if in a whirlpool. Everything was spinning so fast that he felt dizzy. Nausea rose in him. Then his eyes went black. A blink of an eye later, a bloodcurdling scream jolted the archivist out of unconsciousness. It was his own scream, which he first heard as if from far away. An incomprehensible pain flamed through his body. Reflexively, he grabbed his shoulder with one hand and recoiled in shock. Where his arm had been before, there were only scraps of flesh, tendons and muscle fibers hanging out of a shoulder stump. The thin tether cord, coupled with the gravitational forces of the fall and touchdown, had cut through his flesh and torn his humerus from its ball-and-socket joint. Blood gushed from the wound onto the chair and floor. Patrem took his cloak, pressed the hood onto the stump, and tried to fix it with the cord. Maddrax hung motionless in his straps. Was he dead? Patrem had no energy left to care about more than himself. He braced himself, bracing his hips against the control console to keep his footing. His footing was unsteady, his knees trembling. But his will was unbroken. Accompanied by racking pain, he forced himself to grab the BagBox and exit the glider after the emergency opening of the bulkhead. He stumbled into the open and looked around. They had landed in the east on the outer edge of the city. Rome was still there. Yet he had seen everything disappear in the vortex of the time field! How could that be? He dragged himself on, trying to sharpen his vision. Was there a fire? Step by step, he approached a rock formation, leaned against it, and slid to the ground, exhausted. His breathing was rapid. The side of his body with the bleeding shoulder stump felt numb by now. His consciousness flickered. He took a breath and forced himself to control it, forced himself to put his mind before everything else. Rome was burning, he realized, as he glanced at it anew. But the city and everything in it was still largely intact. That allowed only one conclusion. The collapse of the anomaly must have thrown the glider back in time. But how far back? What was its chance, battered as it was, to leave the anomaly in time? Not at all, it flashed through his mind. The barrier was insurmountable. Only with the glider to overcome. But even this possibility was not very realistic in view of the loss of blood. He would die before he ... The body swapper!, it flashed through him. His eyes fell on the BagBox. Thanks to the artifact, he would be able to slip into Maddrax's skin and leave the area with the glider. Why hadn't he thought of that in the first place? But was Maddrax even still alive? He had to check. Determined, the archivist pushed himself up. His back pressed against the rock, he tried to keep himself on his feet with the last bit of willpower he had. But as he rounded the rock, the next shock hit him: the glider was gone! The archivist looked up to the sky and saw the small ship flying southward. "Cursed!" groaned Patrem. "Thrice cursed and punished by the gods!" In the next instant he lost his footing, fell forward and back into the deep blackness of unconsciousness.