"What about Maddrax? Did you find him?" asked Quart'ol when Aruula reached the shelter. "We have to go! Now!" she shouted in lieu of a reply. Wet and completely out of breath, she stood there shooing people away. "I sensed the approximate location from which these waves are being emitted. It's a countdown, and it's almost up! We have to get back to shore and run as far east as we can, or we'll all die!" And maybe then too, added a nasty little voice in her head. Quart'ol, Ydiel, and the wild hydrites looked at her in fright. It took a single heartbeat for the message to reach them and for them to react. Leaving what little belongings they had, they jumped into the sea, led by Aruula. The barbarian felt Quart'ol grab her by the arm and pull her with her through the underground crevice. Looking back, she saw Shin'loa assisting Ydiel in the same way. There was fear in her gaze, but also trust. But Aruula was not so sure she would live up to that hope. The energy waves were now as strong on the coast as they were off the palace. Getting as far away from it as possible was only a last-ditch attempt to escape her fate. Nothing more. Deep down, she knew the truth. There was most likely no place in the entire anomaly that would be spared from the effects. But running and hoping was better than waiting for the end, after all. Aruula spurred the group on, shouting to them to hang on no matter how much their bodies resisted the strain. Once out of the water, they walked east along the rocky foothills of the coast. There were only scattered houses now. The area became rural. Farmers lived here, owning livestock and tilling their fields. There was hardly any electricity either. Every now and then, a fallen surveillance drone lay in their path. "What did you see? What about Maddrax?" asked Quart'ol after walking silently beside her for a long time. "He's gone," the barbarian replied curtly. "So is Patrem and the glider." The hydrite let out a long drawn-out clack. "I did everything wrong, Quart'ol. I should have stayed with him. Should have fought for him. Instead, I ran away cowardly," the words bubbled out of Aruula. "Perhaps the archivist would have forced him to fight you. Maybe he would have kidnapped you both. You can never know what something was good for unless you know the ending," the hydrite said, trying an encouraging smile. His words actually gave her comfort. She was glad to be surrounded by friends in this hour of approaching death. "Do you have a plan?" asked Quart'ol as Aruula turned onto a path leading up a hill. "Just get us as far away as possible from the epicenter of this wave of death," Aruula said. "If possible, to the edge of the anomaly. We might have a chance there." "And then? No one has made it through the plant barrier yet," said the hydrite. "I know that!" exclaimed Aruula, stopping. Her nerves were on edge. "Do you have a better suggestion? Then out with it!" The group behind her paused as Aruula pointed toward Rome with an outstretched arm in the landscape. First fires let their columns of smoke, lit by the flames, rise into the dark sky. "Just look at it! The city is doomed! And so are we if we don't find a way out! Maybe the wall of thorns will dissolve. No one knows! And I'm not willing to give up that hope!" Quart'ol looked down at the ground in dismay and nodded. "You are right. That is precisely the strength of the people: their belief in the impossible. And I myself have witnessed more than once how that belief became truth," he said in a placating tone. Aruula wiped tears from her cheeks. Her eyes still fixed on the city, she sobbed. Again and again, explosions discharged into the night sky. Lightning painted its fleeting patterns in the clouds of smoke. The city was going down. No one who was still there now would survive the disaster. "I don't want to die," Aruula said. "Not without Maddrax by my side. We've been through so much together, overcome so many dangers. How can this be the end? This is all wrong!" Ydiel and Shin'loa joined them. The two of them could also see how much the events had overtaken them. "There is a sprrichworrt in myerrr homeland," the sauroid said. "Your footprint touches the old and brrrings the new. But in the end, you bite a perrrfect krrice gone." Aruula smiled at him from a tear-stained face.