Aticus, leaning on the shaft of a tall candlestick, dragged himself through the throne room toward the gallery stairs. His whole body was a single pain. His robe was stained with vomit, blood, and all sorts of indefinable fluids. In his head, a whole swarm of insects seemed to be circling and buzzing incessantly. Had all this really happened? The encounter with Patrem, the many magical inventions and devices. All the so-called technology. Had he really allowed himself to be manipulated so much, to be made a slave for the mistaken promise of immortality? If he was honest, he didn't know how to tell. He had trouble putting things in order. All these memory images were familiar and yet somehow strange. As if he had just stood by during all of this, a spectator of his own life. Had it all been just a bad dream? Slowly, limping, he climbed up step by step to the gallery. He wanted to see his city, the heart of his world power. Climb up to that place where his ancestors had stood to speak to their people. There had been just rulers, wise leaders and imperious despots. But they had all managed to protect and preserve Rome and its inhabitants. They had all passed the baton from Cesar to Cesar, until this moment. Once upstairs, he opened the double doors to the balcony with one hand and stepped out. It smelled like a hot summer, when the heat scorched all the greenery and the roof tiles turned the houses into glowing ovens. When water became more valuable than precious stones, but the fruit so juicy fresh and ripe satisfied the hunger and fed the desire for life. As a child, he had loved to bathe in the courtyard fountain and savor this decadence to the fullest while the servants watched with dry throats. Where had all the years gone that had followed? Why didn't he have a family? No wife? No children? It was too late now. Aticus put his hand on the railing of the balcony, while his other bloodied arm hung limply, and looked down at his city. Rome was dying. Columns of smoke rose into the night sky, lit by sparking pylons. Most of the roofs and facades were in flames. The all-seeing eyes lay as burned-out scrap in the streets. He could hear his people screaming and begging the gods for mercy in heartbreaking desperation. Perhaps it had indeed been time for a cleansing. Where water was no longer enough to stop an epidemic, fire had to take over. Burn out the boil, Aticus thought. Maybe that would help with him, too, to think more clearly again. The smell of summer turned into the stench of smoldering, coking wood, accompanied by the crackle of burning cloth. Aticus felt the wall of heat closing in behind him. But his gaze was riveted on the pulsing ball of light that billowed silvery blue over the city. With each pulse, it engulfed more of the houses and people. They were all swept up into the air and perished in the light. This is how Aticus had imagined the gates of heaven. Radiantly brightly lit and beautiful. But in truth, the underworld was reaching for this piece of earth. The sparks of the all-consuming fire danced up into the sky as if trying to take flight. But their attempt was doomed to failure. "In magnis et voluisse sat est3)," murmured Aticus. In great things, it is also enough to have willed them. That would be the signature of his life in the history books. Aticus had often wondered what the end would be like. Now he knew. It shone brightly. It dazzled him and came at him at breakneck speed. He closed his eyes, spread his arms to his sides, and welcomed it. A scene for the ages. A moment that would have been worth capturing on canvas. But great leaders died alone, as we all know. When Aticus opened his eyes again, Rome still lay before him, surrounded by that spherical blue glow. He, too, was now part of it. As far as his gaze could reach, everything was enclosed by the hemisphere. Above him in the sky, the stars shone as clearly and brilliantly as he had never seen them before. Purely instinctively he wanted to reach for them, but he could not move. He and also the entire world around him were as if frozen in this one last moment. Was this death? Was this what came after life? Would he stand here forever looking at what he had lost? Branching lightning hung motionless in the air in the distance. Aticus saw a startled bird in the sky. It was as if he had been stopped in mid-flight, from one flap of his wings to the next. But it did not plummet to the ground, but persevered there. The firmament, on the other hand, seemed in all the greater turmoil. The sun rose furiously on the horizon, wandered across the firmament and sank behind the mountains again in the east. But also the night lasted only a blink of an eye, followed by the next solar round dance. Day after day, night after night, Aticus saw countless times come and go. But the world suddenly seemed mirror-inverted, for the sun moved steadily from west to east. Faster and faster the moon and the sun alternated until Aticus could only see the flickering of light and dark before his eyes. He stood there for what felt like eternities. Until suddenly, from one moment to the next, it was over. The lightning in the sky faded, the bird slipped by, and a new morning rose on the horizon. Instead of the crackling, the only sound was the gentle whistling of the wind. The flames were extinguished, the hedge of thorns gone. Instead, sand clouds swirled beyond. He was still alive! All of Rome was alive! Laughing wildly and loudly, Aticus flung aside his support and ran limping down from the gallery, along the corridors, and out into this new old world. Whatever it might bring, he would do better this time and be on guard against those who promised him much and took everything in the end.