 Patrem opened his eyes with difficulty as someone or something tugged at him. He was not dead yet, that much was certain. But that leaden heaviness was evidence that he had lost a lot of blood. Too much blood to get up again. Dimly, he recognized a figure in front of him in the half-light of the falling evening. Was this Maddrax? Had his compassionate, chivalrous side won out after all? Feelings. They were the life and death of the human race. The archivist blinked to clear his veiled gaze and focus on the figure. "You are the Mystery Master," said a tinny voice. "You are my builder." That was all it took to see clearly. Standing before him was not a human, but Elenore, his prototype from the lab! Her body flesh and newly applied artificial skin were scorched, burned, and partially melted. One of her diode eyes flickered sooty black. But the core, her brain, appeared to be intact. "What are you doing here?" asked Patrem, seriously irritated. "I was assigned to find you," the robot replied. "And you did." The archivist laughed out a cough. Blood poured from his mouth. It was a mystery to him who had activated the system and given Elenore the order. But strictly speaking, it didn't matter. She was here, and that was all that mattered. Apparently, fate demanded that he always execute his plans one step ahead of schedule. He had jumped from the domain to his desired world in a pinch and had found his way. Now, earlier than planned, he would use Elenore and her positronic brain for that purpose he had focused on from the beginning and kept secret from Aticus. Under the guise of providing him with an army of human-looking robots, he had been working on the solution to his real problem: the risk-free use of a surrogate that had no consciousness of its own but helped him hide the strangeness of its natural appearance. Who would want to follow a yellow-scaled creature with antennae on its head? Such a government would only work through oppression. But Patrem did not want to live in constant fear of attack. He wanted to establish a rule based on ignorance and guidance, while he himself was and remained many times superior. According to his findings across all the dimensions and peoples, this was the most effective and long-lasting method to stay in power. "Find it and bring it back," Elenore specified her order, and prepared to lift Patrem up. "No!" the archivist shouted. "You're going to kill me. My physical parameters do not allow me to carry out the second half of the order." The robot paused. "The situation analysis combined with a probability calculation gives a much greater chance of survival if I move you to a place where medical personnel are available." Patrem coughed again. His invention was working. But logic alone was not enough to make sensible decisions. It was a lesson he felt firsthand. It was time for Elenore's real purpose to kick in. "I need my medicine first," Patrem said. The BagBox seemed infinitely heavy to him. His body struggled to make the simplest movements. But eventually he managed to open the BagBox with a flick of his wrist and pull out the body exchanger, an artifact that looked like a flashlight with reflectors on both ends. "Kneel next to me, I need you to help me with this," Patrem commanded, using the last of his strength to precisely target Elenore. His fingers already felt stiff as he aligned the body exchanger. This would either be his salvation or his ultimate demise. He took another rattling inhale and exhale, then pressed the trigger. Everything was dark. There was nothing there. Nothing he could hear, see, smell, taste or feel. His senses seemed to be turned off. Only his mind was active, struggling to connect with his body. "Open your eyes!" he commanded himself. "Lift your eyelids." But then he remembered that he now had none. So he tried another way. "Activate optical sensors! Send pulses from the ocular receiver module to the positronic brain processor and process the signals into a visual pattern." Still ... nothing. No perception. Instead, Patrem became aware that he had memories. He knew who he was and what he had experienced up to this point. Maybe that would bridge the gap. He focused on those memory images where he had consciously seen and heard something, tasted or felt good or bad. The first thing he noticed was a flicker that must have come from his defective eye. Then he saw shadows, outlines, spots. And all at once the dam was broken. Millions of impressions flooded in. They all had to be processed by the processor, linked and finally categorized in many different ways. The filling up of his infinitely large, eternal library had begun. Patrem felt something like a reboot, and suddenly everything was clear! He saw in variegated colors, more than he could have perceived with his human eyes in the night. He felt wind, although he didn't even have skin, only sensors. He heard insects chirping and smelled, even from a distance, the soot blowing through the streets of Rome. His limbs also obeyed as he sent the impulse to rise. At his feet, his old body lay limp and lifeless. Even in this body, the rule was that his mind would merge permanently with his brain if he stayed in it for more than three hours. But what did he have to lose? Patrem reached out with his mechanical fingers and placed the body swapper back into the BagBox, shouldering it in a carrying device built into his back. He had to get to the portal and somehow stop the collapse of the time-stopper before Rome and the entire anomaly dissolved into time and dimension. Only then did he have a chance at another life. But before he left, he had one more unpleasant necessity to attend to. The BagBox was calibrated to his palm print; the robot's metal claw would not be able to unlock it. So he grabbed the remaining hand of his dead body - and broke it off the joint with sheer force, then deposited it in a storage compartment on the robot's hip. Then he started walking. Slowly at first, then becoming more sure, he started moving. The steel joints worked smoothly. The foot sensors, in perfect interaction with the environmental scans, transmitted data to stabilize the run. He didn't need to sleep or rest. Nothing could tire him. He was the perfect evolution of a human. When he was sure his thoughts were in full control of his body, he increased his pace until the landscape to the left and right of his visual center melted into blurred shades of darkness. His focus was solely on the flaming rooftops of Rome and the rocky coastline beyond. He had to get there before time ran out.