 "Where am I? What happened?" Matt startled. The glider had come to a stop. They had made it! They were alive! And unless he had fallen victim to a hallucination, Rome was not yet destroyed! But the heavy landing took its toll. Matt's entire body felt as if a steamroller had passed over it. Still slightly dazed, he turned to Patrem to see how the archivist had fared. But his chair was empty! Matt unbuckled his seat belt. He must have been unconscious longer than first thought. The rear bulkhead was open. The archivist must have somehow managed to get out of his restraints. He had escaped - and taken the BagBox with him. Matt was sure that Patrem couldn't have been much better off than he was, especially since he had only been tied up, but not strapped in. How had he been able to free himself? Matt examined the copilot seat and found an orange liquid on the upholstery. Blood from the archivist? It was also smeared on the thin restraint cords. Matt found the frightening reason two steps away. There, a severed arm lay in an orange pool. So that was why Patrem had been able to slip off his shackles: The thin plastic cord had cut through his flesh like a blade at the G-forces at work, severing his scrawny arm! The archivist must have mustered an irrepressible will to free himself from the seat so badly injured and drag himself out of the glider. That, after all, was also an explanation for why he hadn't killed Matt or otherwise fixed him. Where were they, anyway? To get his bearings, Matt called up the latest data from the on-board computer. The glider was battered, but still airworthy. The anomaly also appeared to still be intact. The scanner indicated a primary radiation source - the time stopper, Matt now knew. When he finally glanced at the on-board chronograph, he received confirmation of his assumption. The city appeared so intact because they had quite obviously traveled back in time - one hour and twelve minutes before the moment he had entered the time field wave. So the danger of implosion had not yet been averted, and Rome was still facing its doom. But this time Matt had seventy minutes to save his friends! Matt had to take action, and he had to take action now. So, still a little unsteady on his feet, he stepped out into the open and looked around. Rome lay to the west of him. The city was battered, burning in some places. Meanwhile, there was no sign of the archivist. But Patrem was secondary now anyway. His friends came first. But how was he supposed to spot Aruula, Quart'ol, and Ydiel when he had no idea what had happened to them since he left? Matt winced as an invisible wave suddenly hit him, ran through his body, and continued eastward. Were these the harbingers of the catastrophe that culminated in the energy hemisphere? Then the starting point was the gateway to timeless space. The chances of finding his friends were slim. So he had to try to stabilize the trilithium crystal to prevent the catastrophe. Matt hurried back to the cockpit, sat in his seat, and recalibrated the scanner. He looked for traces of tachyons - and found them! The gate lit up on the display like a beacon. He designated that point as the target and was about to attend to the drive when another wave, emanating from the portal, passed through the display. He followed it with glances and braced himself for it to reach him. But just before it did, a second dot glowed at the moment the wave made it visible. And then a third, coinciding with the sensation of the energetic current as the wave passed through the glider. The third point was himself - and the second ...? The realization followed on its heels: Aruula! After all, they had both recently passed through the time stream in Scotland and been enveloped in tachyons!2) Quickly, Matt changed the target before the dot on the display faded. That way he would be able to find Aruula - and hopefully with her, Quart'ol and Ydiel! "Pull yourself together again," Matt begged the glider as he closed the bulkhead and initiated the launch procedure. "I'm at least as miserable as you are. But we both have to hang in there now." The engines fired after some stuttering. The electronics worked. The only question was for how long. Would there be enough time to recover the friends and get them out of the city?