Shin'loa followed Quart'ol through the water-flooded tube that would take her and the other wild hydrites to their temporary quarters. This was all so new, so exciting, and yet so frightening. She had never seen an underwater city like this before, so huge in size and so technologically advanced. In their homeland, they had lived together in clans before Guan'ril had founded the group of the Circle of Reflection. They had sought out caves and made them livable. Even in the lagoon under Rome, Shin'loa had felt something like luxury. Algae farming had seemed so advanced and innovative to her. But Rymaris showed her abundantly clearly that they were primitives. Both morally and technologically. How had she imagined that someone like Quart'ol could feel anything for her? She had been so blind. Yes, she had even felt superior in some things because she was stronger and taller. Attributes that, after all, only underscored her instinct-driven nature. Culture, tradition, religion, crafts and science - here in this strange world there were so many areas of life to discover. But instead of anticipation and curiosity, Shin'loa felt mostly fear. Fear that she would be overwhelmed by it all. There was so much to learn. How was it all going to fit in her skull? Could one simply jump from one stage of development to a much higher one? Didn't that go against every rule of evolution? "It must be scary to see and experience all this," Quart'ol said. He had dropped back a bit in the tube's current and was now swimming at the same level as Shin'loa. "This is it," the hydrit admitted. "I feel wrong here. Like a foreign body." "Give yourself and us a little time," Quart'ol replied with a soft clack. "Time ..." Shin'loa laughed out. "I don't know if I can trust her anymore after what she did to me and my people." Quart'ol slowed and stopped toward an airlock. "Perhaps later you will realize that this was necessary to fulfill the wishes you and your group made to Destiny." The gate led them into a large hall where several local hydrites were already waiting for them. Hydrites who wore armor and were armed! "What are they doing there? Why are they here?" asked Shin'loa. "Just a precautionary measure by order of the Supreme. I have met you and your father, but to the others you are strangers and an unpredictable factor because of your difference," Quart'ol hastily tried to explain. "They think we are a danger! And perhaps they should, judging by the way I look at them," Ru'kor sneered behind them. Shin'loa felt herself begin to tremble. "Are we your prisoners?" she asked Quart'ol in a quivering voice. The hydrite shook his head vehemently. "These men and women are here for our protection, but also for yours." "Then we are free to move about? Do as we please?" echoed Ru'kor. The hydrite, bruised from fighting in the arena, looked challengingly at Quart'ol out of his remaining eye. "Of course you are free. I would suggest you first arrive in peace, settle in, and then we'll see," Quart'ol replied, visibly evasive. "How free is free when you are surrounded by guards?" now Shin'loa also asked in a sharper tone. "Please, Shin'loa. You're all a little overexcited. Today, or rather the whole of the last few days, have been a lot to take in at once," Quart'ol spoke to her placatingly, but she also thought she saw a hint of concern flash in his eyes. "Those are excuses!", Shin'loa snapped at him. "Can I move freely here, or can't I?" She did a few leg kicks and slid a few feet toward the opposite airlock gate. "What exactly will happen if I feel like taking a walk through the city now?" "Please, Shin'loa!" pleaded Quart'ol. "Be reasonable." By now, more fierce hydrites had gathered around her to follow the conversation. Ru'kor swam close behind her, as if to support and protect her in equal measure. "I'm tired of hiding. I'm tired of feeling like a monster. I thought things could be different among your kind! Because you are more educated and civilized!" cried Shin'loa, letting all her anger, sadness and disappointment flow into her words. "But in truth, we are only a risk to you!" "That is not true," Quart'ol said, swimming a bit after her. "This city has opened its gates to you without knowing you. And it did so even though it has had bad experiences with Mar'os followers in the past." "What is this - a Mar'os?" asked Shin'loa, making it clear with a wave of his hand that Quart'ol should keep his distance. The hydrite hesitated as he stalled, then answered. "Mar'osians we call those who adhere to the cult of increasing their aggression and sexual urges by eating meat. Something that is outlawed in our community," he explained with obvious discomfort. Shin'loa's eyes widened in disbelief. "Is that how you see me? As a sex addict and a brutal butcher?" "But no!" Quart'ol raised his arms in exasperation. "The Mar'osians are part of our identity. Ultimately, they made us the peace-loving Hydrites we are today. By renouncing that way of life and evolving. And that, after all, is exactly the path your group is on right now." The wild hydrites behind Shin'loa let out a threatening growl. Ru'kor swam forward a bit. "So we are retarded in your eyes? Savages who are on a good path? What if we refuse your way of life? Will you then lock us away or kill us outright?" In response to these words, the guards raised their staff weapons and took aim at the group. "Ru'kor, no! What are you doing?" her father shouted then, swimming between the two parties. "Shin'loa! Keep the peace! These are our friends!" Wasn't he right? His words resonated within Shin'loa. Why had she reacted so aggressively? Out of fear of being overwhelmed? Or because of the realization that she and Quart'ol were not meant for each other? Determined to make up for her mistake, she wanted to answer her father, but Ru'kor beat her to it. "Friends? You can see they want to subjugate us!" the fierce hydrite snarled angrily. "You are giving us into their hands, into captivity! But I won't play along with that!" With a swift flip of his fins, he was at Guan'ril's neck and head, wrapping his muscular arms around it and biting into its exposed neck! Horror stole Shin'loa's speech, and the others also just stared in shock at the unreal scene. Some of the group wanted to come to Guan'ril's aid - and swam to their doom. For his blood spread in dark red streaks in the water and sent them into a blind frenzy, hardly having tasted it involuntarily. They went at each other or went for the lifeless body of Shin'loa's father floating in the water. Stunned, she watched Quart'ol dodge the red cloud and swim back to the airlock through which they had come. The guards also retreated. What have I done, she thought, as her tears mingled with the water. With a heavy heart, Quart'ol ordered the area sealed off and closely guarded. He would have to talk to the colonels of Rymaris about how to proceed with their guests ethically, but also sensibly in terms of the security aspect. Even though this had raised the hurdles, Quart'ol was not ready to stamp and abandon Shin'loa and her people so easily. They behaved according to their ways, even if it clashed with the local ones. Group dynamics had escalated the whole thing. But that didn't mean that the very goals of the group Guan'ril had led were bad or even erroneous. I won't give up on you, Shin'loa, I promise.