 Aruula ran as fast as she could. She left the palace behind her. The forecourt had emptied. Only a single robotic creature wandered about, its eyes sooty black and hollowed out, its body charred where artificial flesh might once have been. An eerie sight. The night streets were bathed in the erratic flickering light of the few lanterns still in working order. The air crackled before another wave unloaded. They were now coming at intervals of just a few minutes. Aruula now felt the energy not only physically. Her eavesdropping sense was also responding. It felt like forced contact with something intangible. So painful that the barbarian had to pause. But there was something else besides all the torment. She felt the spreading in every cell, so clear that she could make out the direction of the source. The waves were coming from the coast. And Aruula realized: If she and her friends wanted to survive, they had to escape as far as they could in the other direction. But was there anywhere safe anymore? A deafening bang made her spin around. Behind her, the palace became as bright as day. Lightning flashed across the sky. Not from above, but out of the building into the firmament. The dome exploded. A mushroom cloud of flames rose, sweeping chunks of rock and embers with it. The ensuing blast wave hit Aruula like a hammer blow and swept her off her feet. She rolled over, scraped across the cobblestones and crashed into an overturned cart. Stones and debris rained down. The end was near - but Wudan still held his protective hands over her. Aticus, on the other hand, had hopefully found salvation. Even if she would not admit it, she had recognized herself in him. The feeling - that inner battle - that one fought when one no longer got his drug. When the withdrawal symptoms drove you almost insane. Aticus had had no one to stand by him. She, on the other hand, did. Aruula struggled to her knees. Her hip ached. But her body functioned as it always did in emergency situations. She felt the metallic taste of blood in her mouth, but her bones were whole. So she kept running.