She didn't have to wait long before the sound of an engine could be heard outside. The doctor was coming down the bumpy dirt road in the car. Together with Stella and a man he had brought with him, he carried Patrick into the wagon. "Come with me, we're going to the next farm. I can take better care of the shepherd there." Stella sat in the back of the car, trying to keep Patrick from being bumped by the bad road. Her tears dripped down his face. She didn't see him open his eyes. Only when he asked, "Are you with me, Stella?" did she realize he was no longer unconscious. She pressed her cheek to his. "Yes, I am with you, dearest. You have to get well again. Do you hear me? I can't lose you." "I'll stay with you." These words of Patrick's were barely intelligible. The car now stopped in front of a farmhouse. The doctor opened the door. "Please, get out of the car. We have several helpers here." He pointed to the open front door. Two more men came to help. Stella followed them as they carried Patrick into the house and laid him on a sofa in a small parlor. She stopped at the door and watched as the doctor disinfected Patrick's head wound. "Who attacked you?" he asked. "I don't know." Again, Patrick was barely intelligible. Only when the doctor had bandaged him did Stella go to the sofa. She sat on the edge and asked the doctor, "Is he fit for transport?" "Tomorrow, maybe. Today I would still advise avoiding any shock. The way here was bad enough. By the way, I'm sure the constables will still come. We've had them notified." The doctor listened up. "Is there a dog at the door?" Now Stella heard the scratching, too. "Fluffy," she said, "the faithful fellow, I'd forgotten all about him. He must have followed the car." She answered the door. Outside stood Fluffy. He did not rush into the parlor, but looked guiltily at Stella. She patted him. "You left the sheep, Fluffy. That's what's troubling you. But you're the most loyal and well-behaved dog there is. Come with me to your master." She led him to Patrick. "I was on my way to see you, Fluffy came to meet me." Patrick tried to smile. "Yes, I told him, 'Run Fluffy, get Stella.'" He reached for Stella's hand. "I should have sent him to the next farm, but I was only thinking of you." "Don't talk so much, Patrick. The doctor says you have a bad concussion. You've got to be quite reasonable. Maybe we can get you home tomorrow." "Home," Patrick repeated, closing his eyes. But he didn't have long to rest. The constables were coming. They had by now discovered that the shepherd dog Lucy had been slain. "The dogs suddenly started barking like crazy," Patrick said. "I had just laid down. Then I heard one of the dogs whining pitifully. I jumped up and opened the door. At that moment, Fluffy rushed into the cart. I think he was trying to warn me. But it was of no use to me. Suddenly I was jumped on and hit over the head. I was just able to drag myself to the flatbed and order Fluffy to run to Stella." "You didn't recognize the attacker?" a constable asked. "No. He was wearing a mask over his face. And it all happened so fast." Patrick fell silent, exhausted. Stella pushed the constables away from Patrick's camp. "He was unconscious and is still very banged up. Please, leave him alone. You hear he doesn't know any more." The constables left the farmhouse. They didn't have much hope of finding the man who had attacked Patrick. No one could explain the man's motive. There were no valuables in the shepherd's wagon. Patrick had had only a little money in his jacket pocket. And that had not been stolen. Stella stayed in the farmhouse that night. Then in the morning, the doctor sent an ambulance, and Patrick was allowed to return to the small house by the river. Another man from a nearby village moved into the shepherd's caravan as Patrick's substitute. The shepherd dog, Fluffy, resumed his duties. Patrick was so weakened from blood loss that Stella did not want to leave him alone. She went up to the castle and told the castellan what had happened. Graham promised Stella to teach Emily to stay alone for a few days. Secretly, Stella expected Emily to visit her soon. After all, she had come down to the river alone in the past.