He went into the living room. There Emily was lying on the sofa, covered with a feather bed. Patrick pulled a chair up to her bed. "Your face is all wet, Patrick. Like you've been crying." Emily stroked his cheeks with her fingertips. "I was in the river, too, after all, Emily," Patrick said, a little embarrassed, wiping his face with his shirt sleeve. "It's wet, too, Patrick." Emily laughed. "You'll have to get a dry cloth." "Yeah, I'll do that." Patrick stood up. "No, I'll get completely dry in a minute." At the door he bumped into Stella. Now he took her gently in his arms and kissed her. Softly he said, "I never wanted you to be Stella Donald. The Lord God granted me that wish. When we will leave the little church by the river, you will be Stella, Duchess Young of Windhome." Stella looked at him, stunned. "So you are one of the Youngs of Windhome after all, Patrick?" "Yes. I am the only son of Duke Brian. I could remember his name. Today I know it all. My middle name is Lionel. That's why vague memories always rose in me when I heard the name Lionel. But I was only called Patrick in the family because I liked that name better." "What are you guys talking about?" came Emily's voice. Stella smiled. She gave Patrick another kiss, then went to the child. Immediately Emily asked, "Don't I ever have to go back to the castle, Stella?" "We don't want to talk about that now. First you need to recover. What have you been doing, Emily? Why did you get in that boat?" "I was running away from Grandmother. The boat was on the shore. I wanted to hide. I thought for sure Grandma wouldn't come to the shore because she was afraid of getting her feet wet. But then I heard her coming. That's when I unhooked the hook." Emily looked guiltily at Stella. "We've been on the river together many times, haven't we?" "Yes, but that's when I rowed and steered." Stella hugged the child to her. "I was so terribly afraid for you, Emily. The strong wind drove the boat off." "There is no wind now, Aunt Stella." "Yes, there is, but it doesn't blow so hard now. Come, stretch out. No, you must stay under the feather bed to get all warm. I will bring you tea, and then you will sleep." "Here in the nice little room, Stella?" asked Emily. When Stella nodded, she said with satisfied eyes, "This is nice. I've always wished I could sleep in a small room like this. My room is so terribly big, I'm always scared there." Stella fetched tea, and Emily had to drink it as hot as she could. Stella did not reveal that there was also a sleeping pill in the tea. She stayed sitting with Emily until the little girl's eyes fell shut. Then she stroked her hair again, which was almost dry by now. Patrick stood behind Stella and watched her. Now he put his arm around her shoulders. She looked up at him. With a shy look, as if she feared that everything he had claimed before had been a dream. Patrick guessed her thoughts. He pulled her out of the room. In the hallway he took a coat from the hook and put it on Stella. Then he led her outside the house. "Come, let's sit on the bench," he asked. "Just a few minutes." Stella did him this favor. She leaned firmly against him. "Patrick, the doctors have always said that a key experience could help you regain your memory. Today, you fought for Emily in the river like ..." "Yes, like I was fighting for you in the ocean," Patrick interrupted her. "I felt like I was reliving it all over again. I felt the plane hit the water, I saw the emergency slide, and I saw you in the boat. I was happy that at least you were saved. But then you leaned so far over the edge of the boat that you fell into the sea. What happened after that, I don't remember." "You saved me, maybe you passed out by then, Patrick." Stella could barely speak from shock. "Your memory returned, Patrick, when you were again in a similarly desperate situation. I can't believe it yet. You've always been drawn to Ireland. You really are in your homeland." "Yes, Stella." Patrick stood up and looked up at the castle. "That's where I was born, that's where I spent my childhood and adolescence until they drove me away. Stella, I'm going to the castle now." Stella jumped up and tried to hold Patrick. "I'm afraid for you, Patrick." "No, you don't have to be afraid for me anymore. Before I tell you everything, I want to clear the air up there. No one can hold me back from that. Not even you, Stella." He pulled her into his arms and kissed her. His eyes lit up. "I know I'm a Duke Young of Windhome, Stella, but I would have been satisfied even if I turned out to be a shepherd, if only you loved me. Go into the house, and wait for me. That is my greatest happiness, to know always that we love each other." Stella remained standing on the threshold until she could no longer see Patrick. He had not turned around; with firm steps he had walked up to the castle.