It was late evening when his father summoned him to his study in the castle. There were papers on the desk, on which he pressed his trembling hands. The father's face was gray. "Are you not feeling well, father?" asked Patrick, startled. Duke Brian leaned back. "I wish I could die this very hour," he said in a brittle voice. "Father!" Patrick remained rooted to his spot. "Why do you say that?" Duke Brian pulled his hands from the papers. Patrick saw that they were checks, but he did not connect them with his father's condition. He still thought it was a coincidence that they were on the desk top. "Yes, I want to die," Duke Brian said in a heavy voice. "So I don't have to face this disgrace anymore. My son is a check forger." Patrick glared at his father as if he had not grasped the meaning of this outrageous accusation. "A check forger! The last Duke Young of Windhome." When Duke Brian said this, he was still sitting upright in his chair. Now his upper body sagged, his head sank to the top of the desk, his shoulders shrugged. Patrick jumped to him, pulling him up by the shoulders. "Father, I beg you, tell me what happened. I can't take your words seriously. Don't get upset. I beg you. All this can only be an unfortunate misunderstanding." Duke Brian pointed to the checks. There were five of them. "They came from my desk here, and they bear my signature. It's forged. They didn't notice it at the bank. A stranger presented the checks, they were cashed. I only became suspicious when such a large sum was missing from my account. Do you think someone broke in here to steal the checks? There would have been traces of that. You should at least be frank with me. Where did we get to on Windhome?" Patrick straightened up. "Yes, Father, I ask that too - where did we get on Windhome that you would accuse your son of a criminal act for which you have no evidence? What would I have used forged checks to raise money for?" "You've complained to Robert that I keep you very short, Patrick. And there's something else: ever since I remarried, you've been living in fear. You can't stand the fact that I've adopted Robert. You fear for your inheritance. But you can't secure money this way. You're seeing how quickly your deception will be revealed. I would have at least trusted you to foresee that." Patrick was shocked at how firmly his father believed in his guilt. "Yes, I was against you making Robert Murray a Duke Young of Windhome, father. Only you and I are the last descendants of our proud family. I may call them that; you taught me to have respect for our name." He pointed to the checks. "I have nothing to do with this criminal business." He headed for the door. "But I will not be driven from Windhome." Only now did he leave his father's study. Patrick walked to the estate. There he got the stallion Lord Archibald from the stable and rode out into the night.