Two hours later, Patrick was jolted out of his dreams in a square among juniper bushes. He heard loud excited voices in a greater distance. Cautiously he rose and walked a little in the direction from which the voices came. Several men emerged from a small hollow. Two of them were dragging a stretcher. A blanket was spread over it. Some misfortune must have happened. Now the men set the stretcher down and caught their breath. Patrick recognized the outline of a body. He was completely covered. Was there a dead body on the stretcher? Suddenly Patrick started to move. He forgot that he didn't want to show himself to the people. He ran toward the men and shouted, "What happened?" The men backed away and stared at him in bewilderment. At last one asked, "Duke Patrick?" "Yes," Patrick said impatiently. "Who has met with an accident?" The men bowed their heads. Patrick's face grew pale, a crushing foreboding rising in him. He bent down, grasped the blanket, and lifted it. On the stretcher lay his father. Now, at last, one of the men spoke. "He fell into a pit with the horse. It was camouflaged with brushwood. We wouldn't have noticed anything, but the hunting leaseholder was expecting the duke and went to the manor when he ran out of time. He found your father. He couldn't help him anymore." Patrick sank to his knees. He reached for his father's hand. It was ice cold. Still, he pulled it to his cheek. "Father, why did this happen?" Patrick's head sank down on the dead man. The men did not disturb his pain for a long time. They pulled the blanket over the dead man and lifted the gurney back up. Patrick followed them. They set the dead man down in the estate's caretaker's house. A doctor and two constables were already waiting. And at that moment a carriage drove up. Duchess Alice and her son got out. Patrick was standing at the window when they entered the room. Duchess Alice threw herself over the dead man as if she did not see Patrick at all. Only when the doctor pulled her up did she gesture toward the window. "Arrest him, he set this trap for his father. Only he could have done it. He tried to force his father to change the will. Duke Brian told me that last night. He named his adopted son Duke Robert as his heir. Patrick couldn't stand that. He tried to force my husband to change the will. He had already got him to the point where there was probably a new will at the notary. But my husband could not bring himself to sign it. Now Patrick's hatred has hit him." "You're out of your mind," Patrick said agitatedly. "Aren't you ashamed to fight even on my father's bier for your one goal, to own Windhome for all time? No one who knows me will suspect me of killing my father." Patrick ran for the door. The constables held him. Still unsure, they asked only, "Please, don't move away now. We need to take a protocol."