Two hours after Stella and Patrick returned to the small house by the river, Emily again pressed her face against the windowpane. This time her eyes lit up. She ran to the front door and knocked. Stella opened it for her. Immediately Emily flew into her arms. "Finally, Stella, finally you're back. I've been waiting for you so much. Are you going to stay now?" "Yes, Emily." Stella led the child into the living room. There Patrick was sitting in a chair. Emily walked up to him and held out her hand. "You don't have a bandage around your head this time. Are you all right now?" "Yes." Patrick nodded and stroked Emily's head. He too was fond of her and understood Stella's love for her. "Then Stella can come to the castle tomorrow already." Emily's eyes sparkled. "We must go to my mommy in the pavilion soon, after all. I haven't seen her at the window at all. But I didn't dare go to the door, because grandmother would have locked me in the room again. Or even into the cellar. She wanted to do that the last time I visited my mommy." Emily pressed herself against Stella. "Are you going to take me to see my mommy soon?" Stella looked helplessly at Patrick. But he couldn't help her either. So she pulled Emily to a chair next to her. "Emily, it hurts me so much that I have to tell you something now that you will be sad about." She put her arm around Emily's shoulders. "I can't come to see you at the castle anymore." "But why not?" Emily looked at her with wide startled eyes. "Doesn't Grandmother want you to anymore?" "I don't want to anymore." Stella hadn't been able to hold that back. "I had a fight with your father. Please, don't ask me why. You wouldn't understand him yet. But I can't come to the castle anymore." "But will you stay here in the little house, Stella?" Stella couldn't bring herself to say that Patrick and she were now considering leaving this area after all. "Yes, I'll stay here for now," she said softly. "Then I'll come and visit you often," Emily explained in as sure a voice as if her grandmother's prohibition didn't exist. "You won't be allowed to, Emily." "Graham will help me to come to you all right." Now Emily made a sly face again. "You know, Aunt Stella, he's fibbing, too, if he can help me. I'll tell him right now that you can't come to us anymore. Graham doesn't want me to be alone all the time. He loves me as much as you do, so he will never tell on me when I have gone to you. I have to go to him quickly." Emily was already at the door. "But do stay here in the little house, so that I may meet you too, Stella." She disappeared, and presently Stella saw her running up to the castle. "What should I have done, Patrick?" asked Stella. "I feel terribly guilty toward Emily. And I'm letting her mother down now, too. She won't be able to explain why I haven't visited her more. I'm worried about her. Emily said that she didn't see her mother at the window anymore. Gwendolin, however, often looked out at the windows of the pavilion, sometimes even walking through the park." Patrick looked at Stella for a long time before saying, "You have too many worriers, Stella. But what were you saying to Emily earlier? You had a fight with Duke Robert? I don't know anything about that." Stella became embarrassed. She had not yet told Patrick all the things she had accused Duke Robert of. "Yes, I got into an argument with him. He offered to drive me to see you in the hospital in Cork, Patrick." Stella shrugged. "I don't know why I turned him down. I hated him at that moment." "So did I," Patrick said thoughtfully. He stroked his forehead. His face still looked very weary. "That robbery took a lot out of me and set me way back, Stella. You know how sure I was of being on the trail of my past. Now it seems like I imagined it all."