While Duke Brian pondered these thoughts, Kathleen and Patrick rode across the meadows, along the river, and then up a gentle slope. Kathleen stopped her horse. So suddenly, it went up. Patrick had ridden on, now coming back. "What's the matter, Kathleen?" he asked, startled. "Is anything wrong?" Kathleen's beautiful face had reddened. "Are we riding to the Tower of Blarney, Patrick?" She looked toward the tower that stood at the next bend in the river. "Yes, Kathleen." Patrick dismounted and lifted Kathleen from her horse. "That's what you're so scared about?" he asked, taking her in his arms. "Yes." Kathleen laughed. "You managed to pull off that surprise." "Didn't you expect it at all, Kathleen?" "No." "But we do love each other. And lovers go to the Tower of Blarney to kiss the magic stone." Kathleen put her arms around Patrick's neck. "Yes, they do, but only if they never want to be separated again. The vow of love at Blarney is for a lifetime." "Don't you want that, Kathleen?" Patrick looked into her eyes. She lowered her eyes. "Yes. But I didn't dare hope that you would be so serious about loving me. We are only twenty-four. Perhaps that is too soon for a man to commit himself for all time." Now Patrick laughed with relief. "If that's your only worry, I'm reassured. I was afraid you might not make up your mind never to love another man but me. I don't feel too young for such a firm commitment. You are the first girl who has fulfilled all my expectations." "But I'm not like your mother, Patrick. I'm more independent, certainly not as sensitive." "But you understand me as well as my mother. And you love me, Kathleen. Come, let's walk to the tower." He tied up the horses. Then they walked up to the tower of Blarney, climbed the steps, and kissed the stone. They were alone up here, undisturbed they could embrace and kiss. Kathleen looked up at Patrick with shining eyes. "Now we are bound together for all time. Whatever may happen, we are under the spell of this oath of love." "Yes, Kathlen, whatever may happen."