Two days later, Patrick was working at one of the silos on the estate where the fermentation feed was stored. He was about to take a step back so he wouldn't have to inhale the gases flowing from the hopper so much. The silo could now be closed again. As Patrick bent down, he received a jolt and fell into the silo. Muffled, his scream echoed. Patrick found no foothold, no matter how much he rowed his arms. On the contrary, this only made him sink faster into the grain. The gases took his breath away and clouded his senses. Below the silo stood the young apprentice Daniel. Astonished, he saw that Patrick had suddenly disappeared and a man who had just been standing behind him was walking across the yard. "Hello, Patrick, what's going on? Why don't you close the silo?" shouted Daniel up to the edge of the silo. When he got no answer, he climbed up the ladder and a moment later was on the wide plateau around the silo. Daniel looked almost carelessly into the silo because he would never have guessed Patrick was there. But what the apprentice saw now sent shivers down his spine. A fear-distorted disfigured face looked out at him from the grain. "Patrick!" cried Daniel, throwing himself on his stomach. He held out his hands to the spilled man. But he couldn't get his arms out of the cereal. He kept forcibly opening his eyes, but they immediately fell shut again. He was about to lose consciousness, Daniel could tell. Patrick could not free himself from the repeatedly rolling grains, the poisonous gases would kill him. Daniel bent over even further. Now his hands touched Patrick's head. "Don't move, lest you sink even lower!" shouted Daniel. Despite the danger of falling into the silo himself, he advanced some more. Already he felt the acrid fumes, but his hands were able to get under Patrick's shoulders. So he held him tightly while he screamed for help at the top of his lungs. In the courtyard, the servants ran together. The people recognized the misfortune without knowing who had fallen into the silo. Two men came up and held Daniel by the feet so that he would not fall into the silo himself. Inch by inch they pulled him back, but he only managed to pull Patrick out of the grain enough to clear his upper body. Then Daniel's strength flagged, and Patrick himself could not help; he was unconscious. Daniel was just able to slip the noose of a rope over his shoulders, and then he too had lost consciousness. The other men managed to pull Patrick out of the silo. They carried him and Daniel down to the courtyard. In the meantime, the doctor had arrived there. Daniel regained consciousness a short time later, and Patrick was taken to the hospital in Cork. The doctor doubted that he could still be helped. He had inhaled the poisonous gases for too long.