Only when a large area fenced with high barbed wire appeared in front of him did he find his way back to reality. He stopped his horse and dismounted. He led it past the guards at the gate of this camp and along the barbed wire. He was in front of the penal colony Lowland. Until now, he had always given this area a wide berth. But he knew that only women were imprisoned here. Often for minor offenses. The penal colony had a bad reputation, the guards were feared. Patrick stopped. In his present mood, he pondered whether many a woman might not have been imprisoned here, wrongly accused of a crime. If he had not succeeded in escaping from Ireland, if Gwendolin had not helped him, he would certainly be in prison today for life. No one would have believed him innocent. He looked at the barracks. They were illuminated by spotlights. Their beam reached all the way to the barbed wire. The entire camp was eerily quiet. Only the footsteps and a few words of the guards at the gate could be heard from time to time. Patrick wanted to go further, there he heard a quiet voice call "Hello". He looked around in amazement. Behind the barbed wire rose a young delicate woman. She wore the striped convict clothes, her black hair pinned up in a messy knot. "Who are you? Who are you interested in?" the young woman asked. She spoke in English. "No one," Patrick replied, confused. "Are you English?" "Yes." The young woman pressed her face against the barbed wire as if she wasn't afraid of hurting herself. "My name is Sally Smith." "And I'm Patrick Young," Patrick replied as if under duress. "What are you in the penal colony for?" Sally Smith was silent for a few seconds, then said very quickly, "I'm being held for fraud, but I have to atone for my husband. They didn't get him. We just emigrated a year ago. We couldn't get a foothold." Her voice was barely intelligible now. Patrick had to move closer to the barbed wire. "My husband Charlie became a criminal. Most recently he was involved in a fight. He was killed in the process. Now I have to pay for him. No one is going to get me out of here." Patrick was shaken, he was moved by the helpless desperate woman. He touched her hand. Sally pulled it back in fright and whispered, "I have to go back, the guard has discovered me" Already loud shouting sounded, then a sentry appeared, pushed Sally ahead of him to the barracks and threatened Patrick to chase him away. Patrick grabbed the reins of his horse, mounted, and rode back to his bungalow. The wind had died down a bit. But Patrick's thoughts were only on Sally Smith's fate anyway. Again and again he saw her big accusing eyes before him, her delicate girlish figure, and he heard the soft voice say, "Nobody's going to get me out of here."