 *** From that day on, Duchess Alice and her son knew that they had not brought a young woman into the castle who would allow herself to be bullied. Although Gwendolin did not admit to having helped Patrick to escape, she was suspected of it. Weeks later, she gave life to a girl. Her love for the child was her only support. For little Emily, she endured the harassment of her mother-in-law and the unkindness of her husband. He had only mocked her in the early days because she had not given him the heir he longed for. Now he behaved indifferently toward Emily. He traveled a lot and it remained a secret to no one that he preferred other women. Since he was the heir of Windhome, his recklessness knew no bounds. Duchess Alice had managed to make her son the owner of the great fortune instead of Patrick, but she was the mistress on Windhome. She had managed to make her husband's old will apply. The first excitement in the castle came when Duchess Alice realized that Gwendolin knew exactly by whom Duke Brian had been killed. Gwendolin must have overheard a conversation between her and Robert. She demanded to be able to go to her home in Connemara with her child. During the argument about this, Gwendolin betrayed herself. She screamed in Robert's face that she did not want to live under the same roof with a murderer. "You dug the pit with a man because you knew father would ride to the hunting lodge. He had told your mother. This man then testified to seeing Patrick digging. I will keep quiet about it if I am allowed back to Connemara." Gwendolin had to pay for this outburst with years of imprisonment. Her mother-in-law found a willing tool in the physician Dr. Ramsey. He treated Gwendolin from that day forward with injections that put her in a stupor. She became sick and weak. She often gave the impression that her mind had changed. She was separated from her little Emily and taken to the pavilion in the park at Windhome. *** Patrick had succeeded in returning to Queensland. He had known no other destination than the land of Mary Kathleen. Still those two names meant an infinite amount to him. Only he no longer had any hope of being able to return to Kathleen once again. The vow of love from the tower of Blarney seemed to be broken. By a ruthless fate that had separated Kathleen and him. Patrick no longer wrote Kathleen because he did not want her to wait for a man suspected of murdering his own father. He hired himself out again as a shepherd. In the peace of the wide country he also found some peace. He wanted to build a new life for himself. Here in Queensland, where there were such vast stretches of land and so few people. And Duke Patrick Young of Windhome, the hitherto luckless man, had succeeded as a sheep farmer in Queensland. It often seemed like a mockery that he achieved all his goals with ease. He was envied by many immigrants who did not get ahead as quickly as he did; they sought advice from him. But Patrick could not give it to them, because he had no recipe for it. He only knew that everything he touched was successful. After only a year, he owned his own land and built a bungalow. An elderly Aborigine, whom he only called Mamy, kept house for him and read his every wish from his eyes. The natives liked to work for him and would have gone through fire for him. He paid them better than other sheep farmers and always had an open ear for their concerns. They respected the fact that he worked with them himself, that he taught them how to shear the sheep properly and was never embarrassed when faced with a problem. The more time passed, however, the lonelier Patrick felt. Even though he still dreamed of Kathleen, he often imagined life with another woman. He was looking for a companion who would share everything with him. His heart yearned for a partner.