Suddenly he flinched. The door to his room opened and his brother entered. He, too, had changed little in appearance. He had become a little broader and more masculine, and his eyes looked a little more serious. But otherwise the war had passed him by without a trace. "Am I disturbing you, Magnus?" asked Fred cheerfully. Magnus looked into his brother's beautiful face as if waking from a dream. "You're not disturbing me, Fred. What brings you to me?" "I just wanted to report to you that I have finished my work. I was in the laboratory for a few hours. And the experiment with the new colors has succeeded. This makes us a good part less dependent on foreign countries again. We can get enough of these colors from local materials." Magnus was now completely back to the saga. He extended his hand to Fred. "I wish you and us luck in this, Fred. Now we are rid of another heavy worry." "Thank God! I knew you'd be pleased, Magnus. That's why I rushed right over to. you. Of course, you're still very busy at work." "I have many things to do." "Then I won't keep you long. I'm just celebrating for the day and want to devote a few hours to Ellen." "Do that. How is Ellen?" "Well, she's a little more lively. She's making her travel arrangements. Hopefully this visit with her friend will cheer her up a bit. After all, Frau von Schwarzburg is an amusing lady. I would be so grateful to her if she could take Ellen's mind off things. Ellen can't and can't get over the fact that the child has died." Magnus looked up questioningly. "What about you, Fred?" Fred shrugged. "I'd rather the little girl had stayed alive, too, of course. But what's the use of hanging your head! Everything may yet turn out all right. God willing, we'll have a healthy boy within a year. If only Ellen is completely healthy and happy again. It really is sometimes a pure tragedy with her." "You must be patient, Fred. Ellen is too much alone, I'm afraid, and can brood too much. It is very good that she has decided to engage a young companion." Fred nodded. "Yes, I think it's good, too. Frau von Schwarzburg has written to her that the companion of her recently deceased aunt, the Countess Rosenberg, is free for Ellen. It is said to be an excellent personality. Ellen will then probably bring her right away when she comes back from her trip. I hope it is really a nice person. I won't be angry if things are a little more pleasurable with us. So - I want to go now. I'll see you at the table later." "Yes, Fred." "I've still got to change, I'm still in work clothes, and I'm not dressed for dinner. Thank goodness for being allowed to be human again now! Out in the field it really wasn't pretty anymore sometimes. God, how one looked sometimes! And even if life in our young republic is not cheerful - it is still nice at home. And one day our circumstances will have to be cleared up again." "Let's hope so, Fred. Only work, hard work, can save us. Thank God it's quiet here. Our workers are sensible people who know very well that they will get their rights even without a strike. I think we can be calm." "I am convinced of that, Magnus. And we thank you for that. You are the soul of the plant, and to you the workers cling with rock-solid confidence. You work by example - not by words. I am so proud of you, Magnus." Fred said this warmly and heartily. If anything was great and good in his heart, it was love and reverence for his brother. Magnus nodded at him with a smile. "The feeling is mutual, Fred. But - before you go - wait a moment, I have something to tell you. Just now I received a strange communication. You remember, don't you, that I lent five thousand marks to Frau von Salten in Cairo at that time?" Fred stumbled. He furrowed his brow. "I don't like to think back to that time, of course, especially since I didn't confess anything about it to Ellen. She doesn't need to know about it. So don't speak of it in her presence." "Of course not." "Now how did you come up with this matter?" "Look here! Frau von Salten is having the bank in Gotha wire me these five thousand marks." "By golly! You're lucky there. I took it for granted that she would forget to pay you back the money." "I assumed that, too, and I'm very surprised." "Well, anyway, it's a sign that the Salten ladies are doing well. The beautiful Rosemarie has probably made a good match. Let's give her credit!" Inquiringly, Magnus looked at the brother. "Is that all you feel at this news?" Fred laughed a little. "But, dear Magnus, the matter is far behind me. I had truly quite forgotten that the ladies Salten were in the world. One has one's head full of other things, after all. One also likes to forget a youthful affair like that. For it was a folly, after all, that I so smoothly fell into the net of the beautiful Rosemarie." There was a strange twitch in Magnus Rittner's face. "She loved you - there's no doubt about that. And blameless she was, too," he said gravely. "Well, for my sake! But it was just as well that Schlieben warned us. It might have been a devilish story. Except for Rosemarie herself - but her mother was an adventuress after all. And for such a mother-in-law I would have had to give thanks. But now leave those old stories alone, Magnus! Be glad that you'll get your money back! Good-bye at table." "Good-bye!" Fred moved away. Magnus looked fixedly before him. "It did him no harm, but it will have cost heart-blood with her-and with me, too," he thought. And he bent over his work to seek oblivion. The memory of Rosemarie von Salten tormented him today more than ever.