A few minutes later, Rosemarie von Salten stood before them. She was a little biased and in her excitement did not pay attention to Ellen's name when Frau von Schwarzburg took over the introduction. So all she knew was that Ellen was a Baroness Reinsberg by birth. Inquiringly, Frau Ellen's eyes rested for a while on Rosemarie, who looked at her with her wonderful eyes as if in silent supplication. And then a smile flitted across Ellen's face. She breathed a deep sigh of relief and impulsively held out her hand to Rosemarie. "You please me very much, Fr채ulein von Salten. My friend didn't tell me too much about you. Only that you are so beautiful she did not tell me. But I am a very beauty-thirsty soul and have always had a lot for beautiful people. I am glad to find such a pleasant housemate. You will accept the position with me, I hope?" Rosemarie's heart warmed at these kind words. "I shall be very glad to, madam, if you will engage me." "Well, just take a seat first, Miss Rosemarie! No engagements are made hastily here. First have a cup of tea with us," joked Frau von Schwarzburg. "I'll be very happy to, madam," Rosemarie replied and took her seat. Ellen looked sympathetically touched at the beautiful girl, who made a very distinguished impression in the simple but well-fitting dress of dark blue cloth. She silently admired Rosemary's magnificent hair and her wonderful complexion. The ladies chatted for a while and then took tea, which a servant rolled in on a tea cart. Only then did Lanie von Schwarzburg cheerfully say, "So, now you've made a little acquaintance, and now I'll allow you to make a contract." Ellen looked at Rosemarie with a smile. "Do you agree?" "Gladly." "I'm very glad of that. Let's make it for two years right away then. Is that all right with you?" "Certainly, madam." "Wait - there must be a clause in this contract that Fr채ulein von Salten will be released from the contract if she marries during that time," Frau von Schwarzburg demanded with a laugh. Ellen looked up, concerned. "Is that to be expected?" Rosemarie shook her head with a charming smile. "Frau von Schwarzburg is only joking. I'll waive that clause and gladly bind myself as long as you like." "Well, we'd better say right away for three years. I don't want to change as soon as, and without a companion I feel so lonely with my husband stuck in the laboratory all day. So, please, Lanie, let me have paper and pen! I want to draw up the contract right away!" This was done. Mrs. Ellen drew up the document. I undertake to remain as a partner in the house of Mrs. Ellen Rittner for three years and consider myself bound by contract for that time. 1.5.1919. She slid the document to Rosemarie. "There, Fr채ulein von Salten. You need only sign this for me. I have set the first of May as the date, although you may start your position a few days earlier. I do hope you will accompany me immediately when I leave." Rosemarie bowed. "Just as you wish, madam," she said. And without reading through the document, she put her name under it. Countess Rosenberg would certainly have said to Rosemarie in this case, "You are very careless. You never sign anything you haven't read first." But there was no one there to warn Rosemarie. And so she had signed this contract without suspecting that her new mistress was called Ellen Rittner. "So, you stand by, please, for eight days from today, Fr채ulein von Salten. That is the day of my departure. You can be ready with your preparations by then, can't you?" "Certainly, madam. My affairs are in order. I need only pack my things." "Be ready the night before, Miss Rosemarie. I will send for you in Alteichen's car. You will then stay the night at my house, because the train on which my friend is traveling leaves early," Frau von Schwarzburg prudently interjected. Rosemarie agreed. Frau Ellen now settled the salary question with her, and Rosemarie's face reddened in abrupt joy when Frau Ellen offered her almost four times the salary she had received from the Countess.