Once again Frau von Schwarzburg had come to Alteichen, and one day around noon, when the Countess was taking her midday rest, she slipped into the room to Rosemarie, who, as usual, was sitting over a sewing for the Countess. "May I have a little chat with you, Miss Rosemarie?" she asked, smiling. Rosemarie straightened up with a deep breath. "You know, madam, that I always look forward to having you keep me company." Frau von Schwarzburg settled down. "Poor you, another mountain of sewing? Don't be so ghastly industrious! Now put down your work quickly and rest a little." "Frau Gräfin wants to wear this dress tomorrow evening." Frau von Schwarzburg shook her head in droll mischievousness. "The world will not end if Auntie has to put on another dress." "But she will scold if it is not ready." "She'll scold when it's ready, too; she's never at a loss for an occasion." Rosemarie smiled faintly. "Mind you, scolding there definitely is." "Well, then - why don't you draw some benefit from it? Why don't you allow yourself some well-deserved hours of rest when Auntie is asleep or absent? You work here for three and don't get paid for the tenth part of your work. I've never met such a patient creature as you, and I can't stand to see you bullied any longer." She simply took the work out of Rosemarie's hands. "I don't want to give Frau Gräfin any reason to be displeased with me." "Oh, you poor little innocent! You have no idea how pleased she is with you. She just doesn't let on, lest you get the idea of asking for a raise. Be a little smart! The main thing is that Auntie gets rid of her fair share of scolding every day, and you'll be doing her another favor if you give her reason to do so now and then. Then she won't have to make an effort to find such a reason. I feel terribly sorry for you. Auntie has so many quirks, and besides, you are being taken advantage of by her. Of course, we're all glad that you're staying with her as long as you are. It has never happened before that a companion lasted longer than three or four months at the most. You have been in your position for so many years and everything is still going smoothly. Your patience is admired by all of us, but I can no longer be satisfied with that alone. I want to help you and make your existence a little more bearable." Rosemary's eyes grew moist. "Dear, madam, you already do that by being here at times and being so kind to me." Admiring and pitying at the same time, Frau von Schwarzburg looked at the beautiful girl. "How modestly you face life!" Rosemarie sighed. "I have no other choice." "I suppose you have no relatives left?" the young woman asked sympathetically. "No, madam, I stand all alone." "And you seem to have already endured much hardship." Rosemary's brow contracted as if in pain. "In one day, everything in me and around me collapsed. Before that I had known life only from a beautiful side. But, please, let's not talk about that." "Forgive me, I didn't mean to be intrusive." Startled, Rosemarie fought back. "Far be it from me to assume such a thing, madam. Only I am careful not to awaken memories in myself, because then I feel twice how different everything has become. Let me thank you very much for your participation, it does me unspeakable good." Frau von Schwarzburg squeezed Rosemary's hand. "Perhaps we can do you a service in return for once, for being a lightning rod and putting up with Auntie's whims. And now let's drop the serious subject and have a little fun. I have received a letter from my husband today, in which he tells me that he will be coming on extended leave by Christmas at the latest, if the war has not ended at all by then. And that is why I am so glad and you shall be with me." They now chatted happily and animatedly, and Rosemarie really let her work rest for an hour. Frau von Schwarzburg had wanted to stay in Alteichen until winter. But suddenly came surprising news. Herr von Schwarzburg reported his sudden return home - the armistice had been accepted.