Finally, however, they reached the jeweler's store and entered it. The owner greeted the countess submissively. He recognized in her an old customer who had already bought many things from him. For as stingy and miserly as Countess Rosenberg was about trifles, she could spend large sums of money on things that pleased her and had a lasting value. The Countess looked mockingly at the serving jeweler. "Today I do not come to buy, but only in the company of this young lady who wants to sell you jewelry," she said. The jeweler now greeted Rosemarie a shade less kindly, but assured her that he would serve the signorina well and real in this regard as well. He led the ladies into a small, handsomely furnished adjoining cabinet and moved armchairs to their table. Rosemarie opened the handbag with a key and took out the rather extensive casket. At the boarding house, before she left, she had opened this casket for the first time and found, next to the jewelry cases, the two books, her mother's diary and the little black notebook. Being in a hurry, she had barely glanced at the books and had put them in the case, among her laundry. Now she opened the casket again and took from it first a necklace of diamonds and rubies. It had always been her least favorite, and she wanted to sell this piece first. The Countess bent down and looked at the jewelry through her lorgnon. But before she could get a closer look at it, the jeweler had already seized it. "How much will you give me for this jewelry?" asked Rosemarie in poor Italian. The jeweler looked at the jewelry, paused, looked at it more closely, shook his head, and jammed a magnifying glass into his eye. Again he looked at the pendant. Then he lowered it and looked at Rosemarie with an indescribable expression. "A very skillful imitation - Parisian work, signorina. But I don't buy imitations." Affected, Rosemarie stared at him. "This is a mistake! The jewelry is real," she groaned excitedly. The Countess now curiously grasped the pendant, looked at it, and said to the young lady in German, "The man is right, this is not real jewelry." "It is without doubt an imitation - quite worthless," the jeweler confirmed. Rosemarie had gone pale. Stunned, she stared at the Countess. "It can't be. After all, my mother has told me so many times that this jewelry is real." Curious, the countess looked at the pale girl. "My lady, the jeweler is certainly not mistaken. He is beyond any doubt. Who knows, perhaps this imitation has in some way got among your mother's real jewelry. In any case, the pendant is worthless. You'll have to make up your mind to sell something else." Feeling as if a cold hand were squeezing her neck, Rosemarie took from the casket a case containing a diadem of diamonds and pearls. She laid it down in front of the jeweler, full of anxiety. This piece of jewelry was also recognized by the jeweler and the countess as an imitation. A suspicion suddenly rose in Rosemarie. Was this German countess a swindler who was making common cause with the jeweler to rip off her jewelry? She suddenly threw the pendant and the tiara back into the casket and stood up. The Countess had been watching her keenly and had pretty much read her thoughts from her face. Smiling, she held Rosemarie by the arm. "You are on the wrong track this time, my child. This man and I, we are honest people. You can already believe that the jewelry you showed us was fake. But you don't have to believe it, and you can have it confirmed by others. Feel free to show us the rest of the contents of this casket - it won't contain nothing but fake pieces." Ashamed, Rosemarie sat down again and took one case after the other out of the casket. And the jeweler examined the entire contents of the cases and could only say over and over again that each piece was an imitation. And he, to convince Rosemarie, put some real pieces next to them, so that even she noticed the difference. Not one piece from the contents of the casket was genuine, except for a small gold brooch decorated with a tiny pearl. For this the jeweler offered thirty lire. Completely stunned, Rosemarie leaned in her chair and stared at the two people. "It can't be - it can't be," she kept saying. The jeweler looked at Rosemarie almost pityingly. "If you are depending on the proceeds of the jewelry, I can feel sorry for you, Signorina. However, the imitations are very good, and if you wanted to sell, at least you can get two thousand lire for them." And he named her a dealer who bought such imitations. With trembling hands Rosemarie packed the jewelry again. For the small golden brooch she had thirty lire paid out. She was devastated by the information she had received. When she had left the store with Countess Rosenberg, she looked up at her in helpless embarrassment. "I don't want to trouble you any further, Countess. But I have other jewelers to go to. I can't believe that my mother's jewelry is made of imitations. She loved it so much, never wanted to part with it. When we were in need and I asked her to sell some of it after all, she always vigorously resisted doing it." "Maybe the very reason your mother didn't want to part with it was because she knew it was worthless." An eerie feeling crept up on Rosemarie. She looked uneasily into the Countess's red-rimmed eyes. The old lady realized very well that her companion was in a desperate mood. And as little compassionate as she was otherwise, she felt pity for her. This did not prevent her from taking advantage of it. She silently made plans how to take advantage of the young lady's embarrassment. But she did not speak about it for the time being. Rosemarie straightened up resolutely. "In any case, I must have certainty and ask other jewelers for their judgment." The Countess nodded. And she was very curious and wanted to see how the matter developed further. "I'll go with you," she said firmly. Rosemarie heaved a sigh of relief. "I can't expect you to be a witness to such an embarrassing scene again." "Oh, nonsense, I wasn't embarrassed by that scene. But it could be embarrassing for you if you were alone and offered a fake jewelry for sale." Rosemary's face flushed abruptly. "For sale, of course, I could only offer the jewelry as long as I was convinced of its authenticity. Now that doubts about it have been awakened in me, I will not do so, of course, but only ask for the jewelry to be examined." Calmly the Countess accepted these words. "Don't get upset because of my words! They were well meant. And I am interested enough in you now that I will not let you go alone. But now let us take a carriage and drive from one jeweler to another." This was done. Rosemarie complied willy-nilly. With staring eyes she looked in front of her. And the second jeweler gave the same information as the first, and the third and fourth too. Patiently, the countess also went to a fifth, who confirmed the statement of the others. Then Rosemarie finally had to realize that her mother's jewelry was as good as worthless.