Frau von Salten was sitting at the small desk in her room. Next to her on an armchair was her large, leather jewelry box. From it she had taken two books, which lay beside the jewelry cases. One was her diary, the other a thin black notebook in which she conscientiously kept a record of her strange earnings. Conscientiously she entered the name Magnus Rittner today and wrote behind it the sum of five thousand marks. "His brother will have to pay him that," she thought with a certain humor. When she had finished, she took up her diary, which she had kept since the death of her husband. She had been all alone in her dire situation, and since she had not a single confidant to whom she could confess all that she did, she confided everything to this book. And today she wrote in this book: Heaven has heard my plea. Rosemarie got engaged to a rich man. Fred Rittner's fortune counts in millions, and his income from the paint factory is very large. So not everything I have done to enable us to live in the big world has been in vain. If, after my husband's death, I had holed myself up in a small town, laboriously helping out with manual labor and giving hours to my meager pension, I could have just saved Rosemarie and myself from starvation. It would have been a bleak life. Rosemarie would have faded away unseen, and she would never have had the opportunity to make a good match. I knew that, and so I made up my mind to get us through in another way. It was an uphill battle. The curse of poverty weighs heavily, heavier still when you have to feign carelessness. Father in heaven, I thank you that you have now arranged everything so gloriously! The years of torment are over. Tomorrow my Rosemarie will go as a bride on the arm of Fred Rittner and all worries will be taken from me. I no longer need to beg for a loan with a thousand fears, no longer need to read the tormenting doubt in the eyes of the people to whom I owe money. Today, I hope, I have endured this martyrdom for the last time. Magnus Rittner has certainly made this last time easy for me. His noble kindness is a boon for me. But I was most ashamed of him. And only the most autumnal need could force me to approach him. I hope I have not made a mistake that would be irreparable. But no, no, Rosemarie is his brother's bride. Now all is well, and now my poor, sick heart, which could hardly bear the agonies of these last years, will come to rest. And perhaps I will soon be able to repay what I had to beg for under false pretenses. But I will pay back Schlieben's two thousand marks tomorrow, so that he can't cause any mischief now with unpleasant revelations. I had such a heart-clenching fear when I saw him approach Magnus Rittner this evening. But it was unnecessary. If he wanted to make revelations to him, he wouldn't do it in the concert hall. You look for a quieter opportunity to do that. But it mustn't come to that, and that's why he'll get his money back tomorrow. I will then cross the first one off my list of debtors, and hopefully I will soon be able to cross off the others as well. Father in heaven, thank you for your goodness, do not punish me for what I did in my distress! Let my child be happy at Fred Rittner's side and give me peace and quiet! With this, Frau von Salten closed her notes. Carefully she stored the two books again in her jewelry box, which she locked in her suitcase as if it really contained precious treasures. And that night she found a peaceful slumber.