She had hardly left the room when a tall, strong gentleman entered. He was a large landowner, an amused bachelor in his mid-forties, who spent a few months each year in the fashionable spas. His name was Herr von Schlieben and he had been acquainted with the Rittner brothers when they were still attending high school. At that time Schlieben had been on business terms with the father of the two brothers. "Holy scarab, it's an infernal heat in there! And music to boot! No one can stand it. You've escaped too, dear Rittner," he said, breathing a sigh of relief. Magnus forced a smile onto his face. "I find it more bearable here than in the hall, though, and you can hear the music here, too." "Well, fine, but at least from a distance. The music and the musical trio of artists in there in honor, but why it comes to Cairo, of all places, and condemns me to silence, is beyond me. Here, at least, you can chat with each other. I've been looking longingly over at you for quite a while, but I couldn't get away right away. Ah, here is good to be! Now let's have another iced tea. Will you keep up?" Magnus inclined his head. "Gladly." A few minutes later, a waiter served what was requested. Then the two gentlemen were alone again. Schlieben looked at Magnus inquiringly. "Tell me, my dear Rittner, I suppose you've already had to atone for being alone here for so short a time? Huh?" Magnus looked at him questioningly. "What do you mean?" "Hm! I'll probably seem a bit curious to you. But I wouldn't have to know the world and people if I wasn't convinced that you've had to bleed now, too. Surely the beautiful Frau von Salten has let you bleed a little. How much is the fun costing you?" Magnus furrowed his brow and looked at him in alienation. "You speak in a strange tone of Frau von Salten." Schlieben laughed oddly. "Now, now, don't you throw yourself up as a knight to that lady! My God, Rittner, are you a baby in diapers? I must truly warn you - should have done it earlier, but I assumed you would figure it out on your own. Unfortunately, you are becoming more and more intimate with the ladies, and I'm almost afraid that I'm already too late to protect you from harm. Surely you had to hand over a few brown rags? The beautiful woman doesn't bother with trifles." Magnus jumped up. "Herr von Schlieben, I must ask you to choose your words more carefully! What do you mean?" Schlieben comfortably put his hand on his arm and pushed him back into his chair. "Only ever gently with the young horses, dear friend! There's no need for anyone inside the hall to notice that we're having a somewhat agitated argument. And you needn't challenge me to the pistol either. We will come to an understanding. So you're still completely clueless - even after the attack on your checkbook? I'll have to stab you in the star. So: be careful in your dealings with the ladies Salten, I have good reason to think they are adventuresses, the mother at any rate, although I'm not yet sure about the daughter." "Herr von Schlieben!" exclaimed Magnus excitedly. "Quiet, quiet, my young friend! Shall I tell you what Frau von Salten's request to you was just now? I think I can repeat it to you as if I had been there. She has told you something of an embarrassing situation in which she finds herself; her funds have failed to arrive by some inexplicable accident, and by chance she has just these days bought an original piece of jewelry, by which she has completely spent herself. She assured you that she has confidence in you and asked you to help her out of her embarrassing situation. Finally, she offered you one of her 'precious' pieces of jewelry as a pledge. In response, as a cavalier, you pulled out your checkbook and asked her how much you should write the check for. Of course, you indignantly refused to accept a pledge from her. Is it true or not?" Magnus Rittner was now getting suspicious after all, "Were you eavesdropping on our conversation?" Schlieben laughed grimly. "Well, it's true! I thought so! No, I didn't overhear you, I only saw from a distance that you were pulling out your checkbook. The rest was known to me. You are not the only one who distinguishes Mrs. von Salten with her 'confidence', and you are only one among many sufferers. I, too, am one of them. The fun cost me two thousand marks. But that was a long time ago. Others have had to sacrifice more or less, but no one gets away with less than a thousand. Frau von Salten is a clever woman and looks at her victims so that she knows how much they will willingly hand over without accepting the pledge offer. She very cleverly speculates on the chivalry of the gentlemen who are in her company. Have you not noticed that she always forgets her purse when anything has to be paid for?" "Surely it is natural for a lady not to pay when she is in gentlemen's company." "Quite so. But Frau von Salten is in the habit of making abundant use of this matter of course. Well, all right, I won't say anything about that yet; these are trifles that can be overlooked with some humor. But the matter goes deeper, my dear friend: I maintain that Frau von Salten lives with her daughter only on what she procures from cavaliers of her society as an occasional loan, and of course always forgets to pay back." "You are uttering something monstrous, Herr von Schlieben," Magnus groaned excitedly. Schlieben shrugged his shoulders. "Do you take me for a man who would pick such a thing out of the air?" he asked gravely. "But that's incredible!" "It is. Did not Frau von Salten just now demand money from you in the manner described?" "Well - and if? Can she not once get into such an embarrassment?" asked Magnus, agonized. "Once? Well, yes. But Frau von Salten regularly gets into such embarrassments. I took an interest in her past life, of course, once I became suspicious. She has been a widow for eight years, and her husband has left her nothing but a very small pension, which could not assure her even the very humblest life of complete seclusion. Nevertheless, she leads the life of a great lady, traveling around in all the fashionable resorts, staying in the first hotels, wearing elegant robes and dressing her daughter very tastefully as well. This costs money. Mother and daughter have no permanent home, lead a nomadic life, and always in the first circles of society. I know that Mrs. von Salten obtains the means for this life by speculating on the stock markets of others. She has achieved a certain virtuosity in this, and so far her skill has only amused me. What do you want? Such adventurous elements enliven the social picture and prevent us from becoming dull. Frau von Salten is an immensely witty and amusing woman, and she knows what she wants. Her ultimate goal is to marry her daughter off well. She is to make a brilliant match and thereby relieve her and herself of all worry. The beautiful Rosemarie is resolutely trained on the man. But she seems to be choosy and, as far as I know, has already doled out several baskets directly and indirectly. Beautiful and lovely enough she is to turn the heads of all men. And - lately I have noticed that she is not as dismissive of your brother as usual. After all, he is a brilliant match in every way, and mother and daughter should find nothing wrong with him. But I can't let this go on quietly. I knew and admired your father. He was a generous, distinguished man - you remind me very much of him. I cannot calmly stand by and watch his youngest son fall for an adventuress, or at least the daughter of an adventuress. Therefore, I warn you today, before it is too late. For too long I have been hesitating. Be on your guard and open up to your brother everything I have told you! It is your duty." Magnus Rittner stared ahead of him. Now he looked at Schlieben in anguish. "Can it be so? Can you not be mistaken? Frau von Salten absolutely gives the impression of a wealthy lady, after all; her jewelry alone represents a fortune." Rittner von Schlieben laughed derisively. "The jewelry? Between us, my dear friend, it's an imitation. A very good imitation, though. Frau von Salten bought it in Monte Carlo at the time, and it cost several thousand marks, after all. But she knew that this jewelry would help her pull the wool over people's eyes, and so the little investment was useful." Magnus ran his hand over his forehead. "Incredible-incredible!" Schlieben nodded. "So said my friend, Herr von Karsten, when I warned him about Frau von Salten a few weeks ago. And yet he heeded my warning to such an extent that when Frau von Salten really demanded a loan from him, he had a piece of jewelry given to him as collateral. She nestled a bracelet studded with diamonds and pearls from her arm and handed it to him, somewhat stunned. Karsten had this bracelet examined the next morning. It was fake stones and equally fake pearls. Karsten is the only one who got his money back from her. Already on the same day he got it back, and she redeemed the bracelet. Of course, she was embarrassed that she had to let the imitation out of her hands and she feared discovery. Herr von Karsten will confirm what I have said." "Herr von Schlieben, I know you as an unconditional man of honor. Nevertheless, I must ask you: can you give me your word of honor that everything you have just told me is based on truth?" Schlieben looked at him seriously. "I can imagine that everything in you resists believing the monstrous. I give you my word of honor, and, if you care to, I can bring you witnesses to prove my assertion." With a hasty movement Magnus stroked his eyes. "Perhaps I will ask you to do so. But not until I have spoken to my brother. You can imagine that your revelations have excited me greatly: Not, of course, because of the five thousand marks I gave Frau von Salten. Those are to be forgiven. But I confess to you frankly that my brother is very interested in Fräulein von Salten. And the revelation will hit him painfully. Even now I cannot believe that Fräulein von Salten has even an inkling of her mother's doings. She gives me the impression of an unconditionally pure and noisy character. But the daughter of an adventuress, whether she is guilty or innocent, my brother will not make her his wife. In any case, I thank you for this opening. I hope it does not come too late. I want to speak to my brother this evening and ask you to inform the gentlemen who can serve as witnesses on his behalf. Perhaps we can meet with them this evening, after the concert is over." Schlieben rose. "Shall be done! We'll meet in the hotel bar - say at twelve o'clock." "Thank you." The gentlemen shook hands, and Schlieben went back into the hall. Magnus watched him go with staring eyes.