When Herr and Frau von Schwarzburg arrived, everything outside was still covered in white snow; a deep peace lay on the forest and the meadow. Once again, Countess Rosenberg had poured out the bowl of her wrath on Rosemarie. The young girl stood crying in the antechamber by the window when Frau von Schwarzburg came to her. Compassionately, she put her arm around Rosemarie's shoulder. "You poor thing! How can you stand this miserable life?" Quickly Rosemarie dried her tears. "I must endure it, madam." "And why must you?" "Because I have to earn my bread." "But there are more pleasant positions. I could easily get you another position, for example. A friend of mine with whom I was retired, a Baroness Reinsberg by birth, has written to me that she would like to engage a pleasant young lady as her companion. She has been married for two years, but lost her first little child immediately after birth, and is now so gloomy that her husband would like to give her a young companion. Her husband is so much occupied by his business that she is alone all day. As soon as we return from Alteichen, she will come to visit me for a few weeks and then wants to engage a companion. That would be something for you. You would get a most pleasant position there. But - as long as aunt is ill, I am not allowed to recommend you. But when Auntie is well again, I will do it with a clear conscience. You have really been tormented long enough and deserve to be given a more pleasant position. Aunt may then take out her whims on someone less worthy." Gratefully Rosemarie looked at the young woman. "You are so good to me, madam." "Oh God, I can't stand to watch you being bullied anymore, and my husband has also asked me if we should watch it quietly. So - I'll try to keep the job open for you with my friend. But don't betray me to Auntie, or I'll be in a bad way." "No, madam, certainly not. And again - thank you very much for your kindness." Impulsively Frau von Schwarzburg kissed Rosemarie on the cheek. "After all, it is almost a crime that your beauty and grace should wither so unappreciated in this loneliness among noisy old people. The good Lord certainly does not create such a charming human specimen for this purpose. No one is pleased with you here - except me. And that is too little," she said cheerfully. Rosemarie had blushed abruptly. Frau von Schwarzburg nodded at her with a laugh and disappeared. The Countess's condition worsened more and more.Schwarzburgs had left again and other relatives had replaced them.