Michael sat down at one of the empty tables in the restaurant. It was not long before Betty also appeared. She had put on an airy, flowered dress that looked great on her. The admiring glances of several other male guests followed her as she walked around the room. "I feel more comfortable now," she said as she took a seat across from him. Michael would have loved to change as well. It had been hot all day, and his clothes were sweaty. On top of that, he was completely overtired; he had only slept briefly on the plane and on his office couch the previous night. His cheeks looked sunken, and there were dark shadows under his eyes. A few glances had met him, too, as he entered, but unlike Betty's, the scrutiny of him had been quite disapproving. "There is still the question of how we proceed now," he began the conversation after they had studied the menu and ordered their food. "After all that's happened, I wouldn't be angry with you if you wanted out, but I, at least, am eager to find out the rest as well." "So am I, you bet I am," Betty affirmed. "Not just out of curiosity. After the bust with the interview, I really need something else interesting for my report." "Okay, let's recap," Michael said. "There are two mysteries in particular that remain unsolved: how did someone know that I, of all people, would find this message and so wrote my name over it, and what's the deal with this Boris Corman we're supposed to stop and this serum?" "We should take care of Corman first," Betty agreed. She had already learned through her editors that Boris Corman had lost his family to a Tyrannosaurus attack two years ago during the unexpected appearance of DINO-LAND. He worked at Biochemics, a biochemical lab in Reno - as the name suggested - that also conducted research on dinosaurs on behalf of Professor Schneider. "I suggest we go to Reno tomorrow and just talk to him," he said. "And how are we going to get to him? We can't very well tell him that we've been ordered from prehistoric times to stop him - whatever." Betty sipped her wine. "It's simple: I claim to want to interview him for my report. That way, at least, we'll be able to get close to him and get a first impression." "But we can't very well watch him for days to find out if he's up to anything." Betty shrugged. "That'll come up all right. Let's go there first and talk to him. We'll see everything else then." "And what about ..." "Shh." She leaned forward across the table and pressed her index finger to his lips. "Don't take offense, but after everything that's happened today, I don't want to worry my head about it any longer right now. In fact, I don't want to do anything but forget about this day for a while, and tonight I don't want to hear about dinosaurs, horn plates, warnings from prehistoric times, or anything else related to DINO-LAND. All right?" "All right," Michael answered reluctantly. He was a little disappointed, and would have preferred to speculate with her some more and come up with some kind of battle plan for the next day right away. He was also a little afraid that their conversation would quickly run out of steam if they left out this topic, since it was precisely their shared experiences that connected him and Betty. Nevertheless, he respected her request, especially since it soon turned out that his fears were groundless. Betty reported on some particularly interesting reports for which she had done research, and they chatted about all sorts of things without Michael being bored for a second. His fatigue seemed to have evaporated. Moreover, it turned out that there was a lot more than just their shared interest in the horn section that connected him and Betty. They both liked the same music and the same kind of movies, had similar attitudes on many political and social issues. Even after they had long since finished eating, they remained seated and talking for a long time until they finally realized that they were the last guests. Without needing to make any arrangements, they moved to the hotel bar to continue their conversation there. It had been a long time since Michael had felt so comfortable and relaxed.