The first experiment had had to be aborted because of an assistant who had suffered a heart attack at the most inopportune moment, but had been repeated shortly thereafter against his will - and even during his absence. The order had been given by the military commander-in-chief at the time, General Stanton. Stanton had been one of the first victims to be swept back in time by the time field. He had been presumed dead until now, but based on the new findings, it was just as likely that he was still alive in another time period. Stanton had been replaced by General Pounder, which had increased Schneider's dislike of the military to outright aversion. Stanton and Pounder had much more in common than rank. In the professor's eyes, they were both at least equally stubborn idiots. Either the Army attracted just such people in disproportionate numbers, or it made them so in the first place. Possibly bigotry and the discarding of humane thinking were prerequisites for making a career in the military. Schneider should have known that at some point he would be asked to continue research in this direction. For the past two years, he and his collaborators had worked only to find out more about the sudden appearance of the primeval area in the present. This was urgently needed as DINO-LAND continued to expand. In the beginning, the jungle area had expanded in several huge spurts due to the tremendous energies of the gamma cyclotron, which continued to run in the station even after the change to the past. Then a special Army unit led by Marc Littlecloud had bravely exposed itself to one of the time quakes. It had been hoped that the men would reach prehistoric times unharmed and disable the cyclotron before the primeval reached Las Vegas. But the enterprise had failed, Las Vegas had disappeared from the present. Until now, it had been assumed that the men of the special unit had been killed in the switch - one reason why they had not taken the risk a second time.[2] Until today. The message on the horn plate was clear evidence that there were people who had survived the journey in prehistoric times. After the Las Vegas disaster, the quakes had subsided and had also ceased to be strictly circular, forming numerous small outcroppings. Today, DINO-LAND possessed a radius of just under fifty miles. They had hoped that the quakes would gradually stop, but this was not the case. The time quakes had continued, albeit on a small scale. Every few hours, an exchange between past and present had taken place somewhere on the edge of the vast area, but the process had been limited to an area of a few meters each time. And now there was new cause for concern. From the last tremors it could be clearly seen that the process was again increasing with mathematical progression. It was like the old story of the man who wanted to receive double the number of grains of grain for each square of a chessboard as a reward for help rendered. The demand was immediately accepted, but soon it was realized that it was simply impossible to fulfill. One started with one grain, then for the next field two, then four, eight, sixteen and so on. With every third or fourth field, the number of grains grew by a whole decimal place. After twenty fields, one had already reached well over a million grains. The doubling process increased more and more, so that by the thirtieth square the billion was exceeded. At the end of the chessboard, the inconspicuous one grain would have become a total of over eighteen trillion! With the expansion of DINO-LAND it behaved similarly. Still the increase of the time quakes was insignificant, but that would change as soon as a certain point was exceeded. Where a few square meters were affected now, eventually hundreds, eventually thousands of square miles would disappear in one fell swoop. By then, the dinosaur threat would be long out of control. It was questionable whether the Earth would even exist in its present form in a few years, and Pounder was already speculating on conducting more experiments of this kind! Schneider could only shake his head at so much blind stubbornness.