Corman preferred not to think about it at all. This was an area in which the human brain was overtaxed anyway. He would have no choice but to simply try. Boris Corman picked out a number from his telephone directory and dialed it. An answering machine picked up, but he was used to that. Leo Richards never picked up directly, even when he was at home, but waited for the caller to answer. Corman waited until the greeting ran out and the whistle sounded. "This is Corman," he spoke into the tape. "I need to talk to you. If you should be listening in, please pick up, otherwise call me back." He was lucky. No sooner had he spoken than the receiver was picked up on the other end of the line. "What's up?" he heard the harsh voice of Leo Richards. "How far along are you with your preparations?" inquired Corman. "Have you figured out a way to get us to DINO-LAND?" "I'm still working on it," Richards replied. "But I at least have an approach. While it was basically just a coincidence, the day before yesterday I got in touch with one of the helicopter pilots who does constant patrol flights. The man is in my debt, and I think he will give me all the information I need." "Good," Corman said with satisfaction. "But there's one more thing. As you well know, DINO-LAND is expanding. You can supposedly even calculate in advance where this will happen. I need to know approximately where and when the next time such a phenomenon will occur. Can you get me this information?" "If such calculations exist, my contact will tell me. The pilots, of all people, should know them so they don't accidentally get too close to the endangered areas." Richards paused for a moment. "But why do you want to know?" "I want to see it," Corman lied. "And up close, not just with binoculars." "You're crazy," Richards asserted. "But that's your business, as long as they pay." "I will, count on it. Cash up front, as agreed. How long do you estimate it will take you to get going?" "That depends on you. As far as I'm concerned, we can start as soon as possible." "That's ideal. Will it work tomorrow?" Richards hesitated briefly to answer. "That's a bit of a close call," he then said. "I still have a number of arrangements to make. I'd prefer the day after tomorrow. Such an action should not be rushed. Do you agree with that?" "The day after tomorrow is fine," Corman confirmed. "I'll call again tomorrow so we can discuss the final details. See you then." He hung up and sat back. The idea of reaching out to Richards was paying off. He had been looking for a man like him for a long time, but when he finally came across him, he had still hesitated. Richards was an adventurer who supposedly did anything for pay. He had worked as a bodyguard for politicians, celebrities, and underworld figures, as a treasure hunter, mercenary, and assassin, and had undertaken expeditions to the most dangerous and impassable areas of the earth. He was wanted in various countries. All in all, not a person Corman was particularly sympathetic to and with whom he would have willingly gotten involved. But Corman had also known from the beginning that he alone had hardly a chance to penetrate DINO-LAND. He was a scientist, not a second Indiana Jones, and therefore he needed someone like Richards. Of course, it would have been enough just to open a container with the serum somewhere near the primeval jungle. The agent was so highly concentrated that even a tiny amount was enough. It spread over such a wide area that even a distance of several dozen miles was no problem. Hatred had clouded Boris Corman's view of reality; he had lost his way in the labyrinth of his own delusions. He was not concerned with reason and practical considerations, but with taking revenge on the murderers of his family, on the enemy of all men. And it was this enemy he wanted to face eye to eye when he gave him the gift of retribution, brought him ruin. Those had been Corman's earlier thoughts. Now they were paying off all the more. Now it wasn't just a matter of pouring out his serum somewhere. To get into the past, he had to get into the security zone around DINO-LAND, and Richards was just the man to get him there. There was another point that had prompted Corman to turn to him in particular. Richards had already made enough money in his life not to have to accept every offer that was made to him. However, he possessed a weakness that predestined him for this task: Leo Richards was a fanatical hunter. There was hardly an animal species on earth of which he had not hunted a specimen and added it to his trophy collection. A dinosaur, on the other hand, was certainly still missing from his collection, and that was exactly what Corman had lured him with. He had claimed that he himself only wanted to enter DINO-LAND once out of curiosity and the urge to explore, while Richards could hunt down a dinosaur. Thereupon the hunter had agreed so fast that after Corman's assumption he had already played with this thought himself. Corman stood up. Actually, he had called in sick and had not wanted to go to work that day so that he could continue his research at home in peace. But as it turned out, his serum was working, even if it still seemed to have minor side effects that were ultimately insignificant. He just had to produce it in larger quantities, since he now wanted to contaminate a much larger area. Most of the ingredients in the serum were harmless on their own and freely available. Some ingredients, however, he could only get in the lab at Biochemics, the research institute where he worked. The theft would eventually be noticed, but it would take at least a few days, more likely weeks, so he really didn't need to worry about it now.