"Look, he's hurt!" groaned Jeffrey Holder. The gigantic dinosaur had by now fully emerged from the jungle so that they could see it in full size. The beast must actually be close to forty meters long, even though a considerable part of its body consisted of a long, giraffe-like neck and an even longer tail. And a piece of that very tail was missing. It seemed to have been cut off cleanly, as if with a huge knife. Blood flowed from the wound, leaving a red trail in the desert sand. The animal trudged south toward the fence. When it had been erected nearly two years ago, the jungle had been a good five miles from it. Since then, DINO-LAND had grown steadily, so that the distance was now less than half a mile in places. Not long now, the fence would have to be moved back and extended by several more miles. "I just want to know what could hurt a giant like that that much," Collins mused. "If it was any other animal at all," Holder murmured doubtfully. "What do you mean?" "It's just a crazy idea, but couldn't it be that the animal was injured only when it changed to the present? With that massive body size - couldn't it be that part of the tail wasn't caught in the time quake and was left behind in prehistoric times?" Collins shook his head doubtfully. "You better worry about how we're going to stop this colossus. I don't think you're going to do much there with that toy." He was referring to the tranquilizer gun that Holder had by now pulled out from behind the seats. It was a rifle that shot arrows with a dose sufficient to send a full-grown elephant into the land of dreams for hours. Against this colossus, however, the weapon really looked like a toy. In the meantime, the dinosaur had reached the fence of DINO-LAND and trampled over it, probably without even noticing it. The fence could only stop the small and medium-sized dinosaurs anyway. For the larger animals it was hardly an obstacle. More effective were the small loudspeakers, which were attached everywhere along the fence and from which sounds in the infrasound range came, which were hardly audible for a human being. For most dinosaurs, these frequencies were extremely unpleasant, which is why they largely avoided the loudspeakers and thus the fence. The giant diagonally below them, however, was not impressed by this in any form. The pain must have driven the animal half mad. Again and again it roared. Several times it seemed to want to snap at its own tail. Apparently it didn't realize that despite the injury and pain, there was no opponent attacking it at all. "I'm not sure the arrows even penetrate its skin," Holder explained as he readied the weapon for firing. "I guess we have no choice but to try it out." "And to pray," Collins added in a nervous tone. "Have you ever realized what the animal is running toward if he keeps his present direction? A few miles ahead is one of those damn lookouts. There's probably hundreds of people there at this time of night." Holder felt a chill run down his spine. Now that he was paying conscious attention, he could actually make out the lookout towers in the distance. "Hopefully reinforcements will come soon," he said. "Can't imagine what will happen if that beast really gets all the way there. Go a little lower." Collins pushed the helicopter down a bit. The aircraft was about twenty meters away at the same height as the dinosaur's head. That was a minimum of safe distance, such as was needed to be able to turn away and climb up in a flash if necessary. So far, the animal had not noticed the helicopter; the pain seemed to make it blind and deaf. However, should it notice the machine, classify it as an enemy, and attack, its enormous size could make it dangerous if they ventured any closer. Holder opened the door on his side and took aim at the dinosaur's neck through the scope. Unlike normal weapons, the stun gun was much more difficult to handle. It wasn't enough to simply hit the prey; it also depended on the most favorable angle to ensure that the needle at the tip of the small ampule penetrated the skin and didn't simply break off. Holder's finger was curled around the trigger. For a brief moment he had to think of his former partner Thomas Burger. He would have had no sympathy for them trying to stop this giant in such a humane yet difficult way. For no concrete reason, Burger had hated the dinosaurs. They had simply been scary to him, a constant threat to humans and their civilization, which is why he had always urged that a runaway animal be summarily shot to pieces with the helicopter's on-board weapons. Now Burger was dead, murdered by one of those dinosaurs he had hated so much. Tomorrow his funeral was to be held. Holder forced himself to block out these memories in order to concentrate fully on his task. Only when he was sure he could not miss his target did he pull the trigger. The bang of the gun, muffled anyway by the headphones, was much quieter than a normal rifle. The projectile with the vial full of anesthetic was ejected from the barrel. It hit the neck of the dinosaur exactly as planned about a meter below the head. "Good shot," Collins praised. "Same again." Holder nodded. He waited for some reaction from the animal. To no avail. Apparently it hadn't even noticed the hit. Probably the pain of his injury overrode all other sensations. Holder reloaded the rifle and aimed again. Again he hit, but again he achieved no reaction. The anesthetic, of course, took a while to take effect, especially on such a colossus, who must have had enormous amounts of blood in his body. Yet somehow Holder believed he knew that more than mere stun darts were needed to stop this giant. Several black dots appeared on the horizon. The requested reinforcements were arriving. "Finally," Collins sighed with relief. "Together, I think we should be able to handle this beast." Holder did not reply. His eyes burning, he looked over at the observation towers and the booths and stalls clustered around them, which by now were clearly visible - as were the multitude of people milling about. Still the giant dinosaur trudged on unperturbed toward them. And despite the two stun ampoules, he had not slowed down his pace even a tiny bit.