"It won't work," claimed the pilot who had flown Sondstrup in, shaking his head as he watched the efforts to hoist the gigantic beast onto a low-loader with crane winches. It was a specialized vehicle that usually carried tanks or similar heavy loads. Compared to the Seismosaurus, it seemed downright ridiculously small and fragile. "You might as well try to transport Al Bundy's mother-in-law on the rack of a bicycle." Sondstrup grinned fleetingly. "Do you have a better suggestion on how to get the animal back? Besides, we'll have to hurry; it certainly won't stay unconscious much longer." The pilot made no reply. Professor Sondstrup watched intently as massive steel cables were looped around the dinosaur's body. A total of three crane winches began heaving the animal aloft. Each of them was connected with no less than four ropes. A crunch and groan went through the structure as the winches tightened. They managed to lift the Seismosaurus about half a meter, then the crunching turned into the shrill screech of tearing metal. One of the massive steel winches, each of which could easily lift a tank, broke off. With an elemental crash, the scaffolding collapsed. The fall jolted the Seismosaurus from its unconsciousness. The animal emitted a threatening growl and opened its eyes. Horrified screams rang out. Sluggishly, the dinosaur rolled over. He was still too dazed to feel pain from the brute operation, but this condition would not last much longer. "Get back!" roared Sondstrup as loud as he could, but the command was not even necessary. Even so, the people hurried away in wild flight. It took several minutes for the Seismosaurus to recover enough to stand up heavily. It let its head swing and looked around languidly for a few seconds, then trotted slowly away toward the jungle a few miles away. Probably hunger and thirst instinctively made the animal return to its familiar surroundings. Professor Sondstrup breathed a sigh of relief and wiped the sweat from his brow with the back of his hand. "From today, I guess we have one more sensation in DINO-LAND," he said, and he wasn't sure whether to give his voice a relieved or suffering tone.