They didn't leave the bar until long after midnight. "How are you going to get to your motel now?" inquired Betty. "I'm afraid we've both had a few too many drinks to drive." "I could have the night porter call me a cab," Michael replied hesitantly. "But I think I'd rather walk. It's not far, after all, and I could use a little fresh air." "That would be one way." Betty stepped sheepishly from one leg to the other. At that moment, she almost seemed like an overgrown schoolgirl. "But since we do meet again tomorrow morning, you could actually stay right here." It took a moment for Michael to realize. "You mean ..." He didn't speak further. All at once he was nervous, too. Instinctively he had hoped that she would say something like that, but had not seriously expected it and had suppressed any corresponding thought. "We are, after all, grown people, and beholden to no one," Betty stated. "Besides, I do feel something for you, and I don't think you're entirely indifferent to me either." Michael couldn't answer. He felt as if his throat were suddenly constricted, and so he merely nodded mutely and put an arm around her waist. They took the elevator upstairs. Betty occupied a relatively luxuriously furnished suite that included a small living room in addition to a bedroom and bathroom. He had been here before, the previous day, when he had met the journalist. While he had initially been surprised that her expense budget allowed for such comfortable accommodations, Betty had since explained to him that it had been the only room still available due to her last-minute booking. For several seconds they stood motionless facing each other, looking at each other after they had closed the door behind them. Michael had the feeling that Betty was as uncertain as he was, even though they both wanted to be. He overcame his trepidation first, took a step toward her, and wrapped her in his arms. Their lips met in a first tender kiss that quickly became passionate. Michael felt the shapes of her warm body nestled against him, and his arousal grew. He nibbled gently on her earlobe, then let his lips roam over her chin and neck, greedily drinking in the taste of her skin. She bent her head far back and moaned softly. Her fingers inched their way to his chest and began unbuttoning his shirt. He stroked one hand higher up his back again, too, feeling the zipper of her dress and pulling it down. She slipped the straps off her shoulders. The dress slid down her back and fluttered to the floor. Underneath, she wore only a tiny pair of white panties. The sight of her slender, almost naked body increased Michael's arousal even more. As she fully unbuttoned his shirt and slid it off his shoulders, he caressed her firm breasts and felt her nipples harden under his touch. Again their lips met in a passionate, demanding kiss. Michael slowly squatted down, covering her body with hot kisses as he slid lower. "Wait," Betty gasped. Her fingers tangled in his hair. Michael reluctantly lifted his head. "What is it?" he asked in a raspy voice. "Let's ... go over to the bedroom," Betty murmured. She turned and scurried toward the door to the adjoining room. Michael followed her. When he stepped into the bedroom, she had already stretched out in a picturesque pose on the double bed, but when he tried to join her, she fought him off. "Don't," she begged, "You should ... shower first." Her words sobered him a little, but he realized she was right. He hadn't changed his clothes in over thirty hours, and in the meantime he had sweated profusely, so he probably stank god-awful. Still, the thought of leaving Betty alone now to go to the bathroom seemed downright off-putting. Fortunately, he thought of a way to salvage the situation. "Why don't you just come with me?" he suggested. "Showering together can be pretty exciting. We could soap each other up and ..." "No," she interrupted him. "Don't get me wrong, I'd love to, but ... let's just say I've had some pretty bad experiences with it." "Okay." Michael realized it was the worst possible moment to penetrate her with further questions. "I'll be right back. Don't run away." "I won't." She kissed him again and smiled at him. Michael went over to the bathroom, got rid of the rest of his clothes, and got in the shower. He hurried to soap himself up, rinsed away the soap, and hastily dried himself. Finally, out of a silly sense of shame, he tied the towel around his hips and returned to the bedroom full of desire and anticipation. He could not have been in the shower for more than two minutes at most, but the sight that met his eyes was like an icy pour. Betty was curled up sideways on the blanket with her eyes closed. Her breathing was shallow and even. No, Michael thought desperately. Not that. "Betty?" He called her name softly, but a little louder again immediately after. She did not respond. There was no doubt about it, she was indeed fast asleep. Michael could have screamed with disappointment. He knew there was no point in waking her now. The magic of the moment had faded, and he couldn't even be angry with Betty. She would probably be terribly embarrassed herself the next morning that this had happened to her. Gently, he pulled the blanket out from under her and covered Betty with it, then turned out the light before lying down in the spare bed beside her. He still felt nothing of his own tiredness. He lay awake for a long time, staring resignedly into the darkness.