"You?" said Leo Richards in surprise as he opened the door and caught sight of Boris Corman. "Golly, you must be in a real hurry to be in such a hurry. Did you charter a private plane or something?" Comprehension-less, Corman looked at the hunter as he entered. "Why?" "Well, it's only been an hour and a half since I called, and it's almost a hundred and forty miles from Reno to Sacramento, after all. Or didn't you even check my message on your answering machine?" "No," Corman confessed. Now that some time had passed, his nervousness about the journalist seemed excessive, and he decided not to say anything about it. "I was just impatient and didn't feel like sitting around at home any longer than I had to. That's when I decided to come over already. When you called, I guess I was already on my way. Do you have the information?" Richards nodded. "Yes. There will be another quake tonight. Do you have the money?" "I do." In the living room, Corman dropped into an armchair, pulled a checkbook from his pocket, and filled out a check for the sum of one hundred thousand dollars, which he passed to Richards. "Hey, wait a minute, that's not how it works." The big-game hunter's eyes narrowed to narrow slits. "Cash was the deal." "I'm sorry, but since everything happened so quickly, I wasn't able to notify my bank in time to withdraw such a large amount. But if you're concerned that the check might not clear, feel free to call." Corman concealed the real reason he had decided to write a check. He had no intention of paying Richards, but wanted that money, which came primarily from his wife's life insurance policy, to be used for Tippy's health care as well. So far, Richards had no idea of his plans not to return from this expedition, and he had no plans to let the hunter return. Moreover, he had taken additional precautions. At the moment, there was still enough money in the designated account, but he had already given the order to transfer it to an account at another bank the next day. "I don't like this," Richards declared suspiciously. "I'm warning you. If you're planning to set me up, it's going to go badly for you." "What's going to happen? You can cash that check first thing in the morning. Call and make sure it's covered." Richards hesitated a few seconds, then shook his head. "That shouldn't be necessary. Tear up the check. It would leave too distinct a trail from you to me, and I don't like such trails. Actually, I should postpone the whole enterprise, but I don't know if my contact would give me any information again. So you will give me the money in cash after our return. And do not think that you can somehow avoid it. I won't let you out of my sight for a moment until I have the money." "You don't have to worry about that," Corman lied, inwardly breathing a sigh of relief. "Now when and where will the quake take place?" "A little before ten o'clock tonight. It's almost five-thirty now. So we still have some time, but to be safe we should leave as early as possible. It's still quite a distance." "Then what are we waiting for?" inquired Corman.