"This is madness!" shouted Michael Atkinson for the untold number of times during the last minute, struggling to keep the Dragon reasonably on course. He had to shout to communicate. "You better save your breath and concentrate on flying!" shouted Betty back. "We don't have much time left." Needing both hands to steer the craft, which was made of lightweight wood, aluminum and a large piece of synthetic fabric, she couldn't look at her watch, but it had to be close to ten already. The quake could begin at any moment, and since the information on Corman's answering machine had been very vague, they didn't even know exactly where it would take place. The task before them seemed insurmountable. Within the few minutes they had left at the most, they not only had to find Corman, but also prevent him from being hurled into the past by the timequake and opening the canister with the poison there. Doggedly, Betty fought the feeling of despair that threatened to overwhelm her. There was no reason to resign, nor did they have a chance. Basically, Michael was right. The idea of invading DINO-LAND in this way was indeed crazy, since he hadn't known much more about hang gliding than that the sport existed. Betty wasn't exactly a pro in this field either, but had at least made a few flights on occasion. She had acquaintances in Bishop, a small town in eastern California, a young couple who were passionate about hang gliding. Since Bishop was almost on their way anyway, they had made a side trip there. Earlier, Michael had called the police after all and tried to alert the officers to the impending danger. As Betty had feared, the policeman Michael had spoken to didn't seem to believe a word he said. The story sounded too crazy. They hoped, however, that at least a patrol car would be sent to Corman's house. For this reason they had left a copy of the formula and some other short messages there before they left. However, it had apparently been of no use. If they had taken the warnings seriously and forwarded them, the place would have been swarming with helicopters and soldiers. So now it was really up to them alone to prevent the worst. In Bishop, Betty had been able to persuade her acquaintances to sell them the two dragons without revealing what she intended to do. With her credit card, she had withdrawn all the money still in her account and bought a nine-shot automatic pistol so that she would not be completely helpless in the face of Corman and possible further dangers in DINO-LAND. It had taken more than an hour to teach Michael even the most basic rules of hang gliding. She had not really seriously believed that it would succeed at all, but feared she would have to fly alone, but he had turned out to be an amazingly docile student. He was far from good even now - it would have bordered on a miracle - but at least he managed to keep the kite in the air and steer it. When they had finally taken off from a viewing platform near the fence, abandoned at this time of night, he had managed poorly at first, but by now he had clearly gained in skill. Still, Betty regretted taking him along in the meantime. The training as well as the unloading and assembling of the two kites had cost a lot of precious time. They had been in the air for a good ten minutes now, flying the perimeter of DINO-LAND in search of Corman, always fearful of encountering a patrol helicopter or a pterosaur. Fortunately, at least the latter did not appear to be on the move at this hour. The climatic conditions, permanently influenced by the appearance of the jungle, made their flight easier. There were extremely favorable thermals. A professional hang glider pilot, who was only flying here for his own pleasure, would certainly have had a great time. The view was also fascinating. In the bright moonlight, Betty spotted several large dinosaurs amidst the jungle. Not far away was a whole herd of apatosaurs. Several of the huge animals, which had also been called brontosaurs in the past, had raised their heads above the treetops and were watching the two flying figures indifferently.