"My God!" gasped Collins. "What is that?" Stunned, they stared at the monster growing upward a little way in front of them, higher and higher. It had long since towered above even the tallest treetops. The giant's pointed head alone, perched on a monstrously long neck, had the dimensions of a small car, and yet it seemed downright tiny compared to the rest of its body, which was only partially visible beneath the coniferous branches. The animal vaguely resembled an Apatosaurus, but the neck was still much longer and the rest of the body considerably slimmer. And now it rose up on its hind legs and straightened to a height of well over twenty meters! It was undoubtedly the largest dinosaur that any human had ever seen. The colossus opened its mouth and emitted a piercing, unimaginably loud roar that the two men could still hear despite the noise of the rotor blades and the headphones they had on. In the next instant, the colossus' head slumped forward as it lowered itself back down onto all fours, bending two mighty conifers and a whole host of smaller growths like matchsticks and burying them beneath it. "That ... must be a diplodocus," Collins breathed. At a respectful distance, he circled above the dinosaur. "No," Holder muttered. He, too, could not take his eyes off the awe-inspiring giant. "He's way too big even for that. We should let headquarters know. Sondstrup is sure to freak out when he sees it." "Not just Sondstrup." Collin's voice had taken on a rushed tone. "Look at this. He's running amok!" Once again the dinosaur let out a booming roar, then suddenly took off running. Basically, he wasn't really running, but with every single step of his massive legs, he covered a distance of more than half a dozen meters, so he reached a remarkable speed. Whatever stood in its way, it trampled down with its massive body, without even slowing its pace. The dinosaur had already been pretty much at the edge of the newly created jungle section. Now he charged directly toward the open desert. "Report, already!" gasped Collins. He himself was fully engaged in speeding up the helicopter and following the Saurian. "We need reinforcements to stop him!" Holder was already switching the microphone hanging from a bracket in front of his mouth to outside radio and calling headquarters. As he did so, he wondered desperately how they were going to stop a colossus some forty meters long that looked as if even a tank shell would be little more to him than a pinprick to a human.