And then two days later came Count Harro's letter to Mother Anna asking him to hire a German governess for his daughter. When Mother Anna had read the letter, she looked in front of her, pondering. How strange! Is this coincidence or fate? I think the desired governess for your daughter has already been found, my dear Harro. And God knows, I could not find you a more excellent one than our dear Griseldis, no matter how long I searched. And with vivacity she jumped up and rang the bell. A servant entered. "Berta - call Fräulein von Ronach here for me. I'll have her come to me at once." The servant disappeared. And a few minutes later Griseldis entered Mother Anna's house. "You sent for me, Mother Anna. Here I am." "Yes, child - I have something of importance to discuss with you. If all is not mistaken, I have found a suitable position for you - provided, of course, that you want to accept it." "I certainly do, Mother Anna." "You shall consider it carefully. Come, sit down with me. The position I speak of would lead you into the house of a man who, perhaps for all time, has a bad stigma attached to him." Griseldis had settled down and was looking at the old lady. She had turned a little pale, she immediately grasped who the old lady was talking about. "Mother Anna - is it the house of Count Treuenfels?" she asked hastily. "Yes, Griseldis. Count Treuenfels is looking for a governess for his little daughter - a personality capable of replacing the child's mother. He asks me to recommend to him a suitable lady for this position. I could arrange very favorable conditions for you - provided that you are willing to accept this position." Griseldis pressed her palms together tightly and looked ahead of her. Visibly, she hesitated. She felt that something strong, compelling, inexplicable was drawing her to this man who suffered from a heavy fate, whose features had made such a deep impression, on her young heart. There was something in her that cried out to her, "Do not go into danger in which you may perish." But then she gave herself a jolt. "I will go to Treuenfels, Mother Anna, if you think I can perform what is required of me there." "Bravo, dear Griseldis! Yes, I believe that you are the suitable personality for this post, believe that a kind destiny has led you here so that your steps are directed to Treuenfels Castle. This is God's providence, and he will know why he has arranged everything this way. But now I will immediately send for your aunt, so that we can discuss everything with her. And then I want to write to Count Harro." Aunt Agnes came in answer to the matron's call. She was not a little startled when she heard in whose house Griseldis was to take a position. She felt as if she must advise Griseldis against it. But at the same time she thought sorrowfully of the fact that in a few days Griseldis' term at the monastery would have expired, and that she had not yet found another engagement. And so she finally gave her consent. At the table, the abbey ladies were informed that Griseldis had found a position and with whom. Mother Anna, however, immediately wrote to Count Treuenfels that she had found a suitable governess for his daughter.