 Faster than she thought, the car approached the castle on the wide forest road. -She leaned far forward and looked up with wide eyes at the imposing and picturesque building. With ease the carriage took the upward rising path. At the top, it drove along a wide gravel path between large lawns until it reached the front steps. The picture that presented itself to her was friendlier than the one Harro had seen before him on his return home. Bright sunshine enveloped everything in a clear, golden light. She got out and went up the wide flight of steps. And when she stood under the high portal and set her foot over the threshold of the castle, she had a feeling as if something was constricting her heart, as if she had to turn around and run away as far as her feet would carry her. But she scolded herself. She was not the person to be so easily put to flight by foolish sensations. Tightly she straightened up and entered. It was so quiet in this vast castle, as if all life in it had died. Then, however, Griseldis heard the opening and closing of a door. This sound came from above. And when she was led up the stairs to the second floor by the servant, a tall female figure dressed in black stood before her, leading by the hand a little girl dressed in white. Griseldis looked only at the child. And with her bright sunny eyes she looked full and warmly into the deep blue innocent ones of the child. "Are you Griseldis?" asked Gilda in her dear, soft little voice. "Yes, little Gilda, I am Griseldis." "Oh, that's nice, you know who I am right away. How do you know?" "I saw a picture of you at Frau Domina's." "I don't know her." "But she knows you. Maybe you know her by another name, too. You'll have to ask your dad about that." "Hmm! That's what I want to do. I like you, Griseldis. Come quickly to papa, he must see you." With that the little child's hand flattered itself into Griseldis' right hand, and Gilda wanted to drag the young lady away with her. But there, like a dark, threatening shadow, stood Comtesse Beate on the way. Griseldis, fortunately, being busy with the child, had not noticed how eerily the Comtesse's black eyes flared at the sight of her. "Don't go to Papa yet, Gilda. He hasn't time yet. I will show Fräulein von Ronach to her rooms first." The comtesse looked up at Griseldis. "Oh, are you going to be out long, Griseldis?" "You mustn't say Griseldis, Gilda," Comtesse Beate admonished rather harshly and sternly. "Oh - what else shall I say - is Griseldis also called Mademoiselle?" asked the child. "You may call me what you like," replied Griseldis, gently stroking the blond little head. "Oh, that's nice, I'll call you Griseldis," said the child. "Fräulein von Ronach, I must ask you to let the Count determine how you should address Comtesse Gilda. I don't think such a confidential form of address is in place. It sounds too familiar, I suppose, and also offends authority." There was decidedly a brusque rebuke in these words. Griseldis slowly raised her eyes to her. Beate still towered over her a little, though she was plenty of medium height. And she saw that from the eyes of the comtesse there was hostility that oppressed her. "Of course, it is for the Count to decide, Comtesse. I just wanted to say with my words that I have no objection to Comtesse Gilda calling me by my first name," she said calmly and politely. Gilda skipped away and waved once more to Griseldis. Griseldis had immediately lost her heart to the charming child and was happy about it. This would certainly make her office much easier.