 In the noble ladies' convent of St. Mary's, on the same morning that Countess Alice Treuenfels had been found dead in her bed, there was an extraordinary commotion and commotion. The headmistress, Countess Salitz-Halm, called Mother Anna by her collegiate ladies, had read out a letter during breakfast together in the dining room, formerly the refectory of the monks when St. Mary's was still a convent. This letter was from one of the abbey ladies who was not staying in the abbey at the moment, Baroness Agnes von Ronach. Her niece Griseldis had written to her and asked her to come immediately because her father was seriously ill and wished to see her. Agnes von Ronach immediately responded to this call, and three days later she reported the death of her only brother to the Reverend Mother. Apart from her niece Griseldis, she now had no relatives. This letter read: "Dear beloved Mother Anna! Before I return to St. Mary's, which is to happen before Christmas, I would like to make a great, heartfelt request to you. My brother, whose demise I reported to you, has left no property at all, and his pension, on which he lived with his daughter, expires with his death. My niece Griseldis is in a very bad situation. She has passed the teacher's exam, but she cannot live on that alone. Consideration for her sick father has so far forbidden her to take up a permanent position. Now, of course, she wants to do so. But nothing can be found for her so quickly. We now want to sell my brother's small estate so that my niece at least has a penny to live on. This will free the child from the worry about the apartment, but at the same time she will be completely homeless from the first of January until she finds a job. In my concern for the child I thought of our helpful mother Anna. I would like to ask you to allow me to bring my niece to St. Mary's for a few weeks, that is, around Christmas time. I know very well that we nuns are not allowed to receive long visits and that we are not allowed to have visitors for more than three days. And so I appeal boldly and confidently to your good heart and to the aid of all my dear collegiate sisters, to whom I would like to put my request. Is it not possible for my niece Griseldis to visit all the nuns in turn? Each of them should give her the right to be her guest for three days. Of course, she will stay in my room so that she will not be a nuisance to anyone. She is a modest, sweet thing, I love her, Mother Anna, and do not want to leave her to her fate. She will soon find a position, for she is suitable as a companion, nurse or governess. I would like to help her only during the time without a job. I would like to hear from you as soon as possible. Whatever the outcome, I know that Mother Anna will do her best to help a person who is burdened with worries. When the Mother Superior read this letter, there was an excited back and forth among the twenty-eight nuns, astonishment, laughter and misgivings, agreement and thoughtful rejection. It was not so easy to calm this excited swarm until they had given vent to this letter. But Mother Anna knew her charges and chose her words well. Not one remained obdurate. And when the excitement had smoothed out, all the convent ladies agreed to invite the young Baroness Griseldis for three days. The Domina calculated with a smile: Twenty-eight times three days, that is eighty-four days. In addition, fourteen days for her were ninety-eight days, and Agnes von Ronach was allowed to invite her niece for three days, which made a total of one hundred and one days, that is, plenty of three months. Mother Anna wrote to Miss Agnes von Ronach: My dear Miss von Ronach! I am sincerely and cordially pleased to inform you that we have unanimously decided to fulfill your wish. I will gladly place one of the unoccupied rooms at the young lady's disposal for the duration of her stay, which may therefore extend to three months. Hopefully she will succeed in finding a good position during this time. We will all make every effort to provide her with such a position. Please let me know the exact date of your arrival, so that I can send you the monastery carriage to the station. With the warmest regards to you and your Fräulein Nichte. Your mother Anna.
