The next morning she got up already around five o'clock. It did not leave her any more peace. She wanted to go to the tower right away. If she went right now, she would have three hours before eight o'clock. She never had that much time during the day. In her dress she stashed her flashlight and a sewing case in which she kept scissors, knives and needles. Quietly, so as not to be heard by Comtesse Beate, she left her room. Everything was still quiet in the castle. Only old Heinrich was already awake. He was wrapping up the carpets to be beaten. Griseldis nodded to him and went out. In a few minutes she had reached the round tower. She unlocked the door and then pulled it shut behind her so that it was latched. And now she hurried up the stairs and into the tower room on the second floor. Quickly she set to work. She first ran a fine darning needle along between the wall and the dolphin frame. The tip of the needle poked into a barely visible gap. The frame was screwed on tightly. About a meter above the floor, the needle got stuck. There was resistance here. So the mechanism that opened the door had to be located at this height. She carefully scanned all the small dolphins that were at this height. And today her efforts were finally to be successful. Really one of the small dolphins let itself be pushed out of the frame into the wall. There was a snapping sound, and the mysterious door opened a crack. Griseldis sank to her knees with excitement and had to catch herself first. But she did not give in to this weakness for long. She opened the door. It was very thick and filled with some kind of stuffing. But this thick, heavy door turned silently on its hinges. Griseldis first made a small sign to herself on the dolphin's body, which formed the lock to this door. Then she opened the door wide and stepped into the cavity. She saw that this door also had no lock from the inside. She shone her light upward and saw above her the floor of the closet whose door was in Countess Alice's bedroom. She breathed a deep sigh of relief. She had found what she was looking for. This was another link in the chain. For a while she stood quite dazed before this discovery. Finally she picked herself up again and shone her light into the acute angle at the top. Right - there sat a small latch. She pushed the wooden peg aside, and the lock popped open. The bottom of the closet descended. Griseldis shone her light up into the closet. She clearly saw the outline of the secret door. But on the inside of this door, the lock was visible. Stepping on a chair, a tall person could easily open the closet door from the inside and reach the glass on Countess Alice's bedside cabinet. Griseldis wanted to try the experiment. But a glance at her watch taught her that it was time to return to the castle. So she stepped into the cavity only once more and closed the closet floor from below. In the process, the flashlight slipped from her hand. It remained burning, and the sharp light brightly illuminated the floor of the cavity. There she saw a flashing object lying there. She bent down and held in her hand the ring - a strangely shaped ring - the string ring with the rubies she had seen in her dream. Pale as death, Griseldis staggered out of the hollow space and fell powerlessly onto a round, backless armchair. Like shivers of frost it went over her body. Her teeth were knocked together. This was the last link in the chain - this ring was proof that her suspicions had gone the right way. Beate's ring - she had lost it or missed it on the day Countess Alice died. She had not worn it since. Pale and miserable, Griseldis sat staring down at the ring as if she herself had murder on her conscience. She could no longer doubt that Beate was Countess Alice's murderer. All the grounds for suspicion spoke for it. She had murdered the Countess because she loved Count Harro and wanted to put herself in the Countess's place. But how had she come to know about this secret connection between the tower and the castle? Had she found out by chance, like herself, or - had she perhaps read something about it in the family chronicle, which she had studied so assiduously? Griseldis longed to look through this chronicle. Maybe she would find another proof. She wanted to begin with it right after the table today. Everything seemed to her to be explainable now. There was only one thing she did not know: how Beate had come into possession of the poison, which Count Harro had hidden in a secret compartment of his desk. Stunned, Griseldis looked down at the ring. Then she rose and closed the secret door. It was high time. She hid the ring with the sewing case and the flashlight in her dress, then she hurried down, closed the tower and returned to the castle by a little detour, Now she had to be doubly careful, because if Beate had just a hunch that she was trailing her, then ... Griseldis winced. She was afraid of a human being for the first time in her life.