 He carried her into the castle into a room next to the great hall and laid her carefully on a divan. Grollmann, who was now also on the spot, drove out the people who had come in with him, leaving only Berta in the room to help his master's young bride. Harro quickly had strong wine brought for Griseldis and, with Berta's help, poured it into her. This revived her. She was able to straighten up. She saw the fear and worry of her beloved. This gave her courage and strength. She rose with his help and let herself slide into a comfortable armchair. Comfortably she snuggled into it. "Oh - how beautiful. And - now I'm hungry," she said, forcing herself to cheer up because of him. Grollmann hurried away and in a few minutes brought a platter of appetizing, delicious canapés. When she had thus fortified herself, she asked him for a word in private. He sent Grollmann and Berta out. Griseldis now reported everything she had learned. She also told him about her dream in detail and described exactly how she had got further and further with her investigations, how she had gone on step by step on the path that was to lead to his complete liberation from every stain. He was deeply shaken by all he heard. "This unfortunate creature shall not create another evil minute for you. This very night I will settle accounts with her. Only now do I understand why she gave me no answer to all my knocks and calls. Surely she was not able to stand face to face with me. Griseldis, go to rest now, no, no - not up to your room, where you are so close to Beate. I'll take you to my little Gilda. Henriette shall set up camp for you there, and Henriette will watch over you both. Grollmann, however, stands sentinel at the door - until Treuenfels is freed from the criminal woman." She rose slowly and still somewhat unsteadily. Her knees still trembled a little. But she could already hold herself upright and, lovingly embraced by him, walk forward. "I know now how it came about that Baron Dalheim found his way back to Treuenfels," he said. "Ah - did he chatter?" He told her that he had looked for her in Dalheim and had spoken to the Baron. Outside in the hall, people were still standing excitedly together. Grollmann had told them that Fräulein von Ronach would be the future mistress of the house. The pale girl with the lovely face and the long golden-blond tresses was a touching apparition. "Now a better time will come again for Schloss Treuenfels," whispered Henriette. Harro moved away. Grollmann was posted at the door. But in Schloss Treuenfels no one came to rest that night but Gilda and Griseldis.