Up there lay Treuenfels Castle. Like an enormous silhouette, it stood out with its battlements and towers, with its oriels and columns against the sky covered by broken clouds. When the vehicle reached the mountain plateau, the driver let the horn sound loudly a few times. And at this signal, it suddenly came alive in the silent castle. The large arched lamps in front of the gate flared up, casting bright light over the open space. The high wings of the gate burst open and allowed a glimpse into the great hall of the castle, which was also brightly lit. Windows in the castle also became bright, and the shadows of people could be seen scurrying past them. But everything happened strangely silently. In the hall the officials and servants of the count's house stood to await their returning master. Shyly, all eyes looked towards the open gate. At the staircase, which was broad and bulky in construction, stood Mademoiselle Perdunoir with a look of sheer horror on her pretty, somewhat mocking face. "Mademoiselle" was the governess of the little Comtesse Gilda, the only child of Count Harro Treuenfels. The latter had got out slowly, with tired movements, from which one could have taken him for an old man. He climbed the flight of steps and entered the brightly lit hall. A low murmur of people, which should have meant a greeting, struck his ear. It was as if a funeral gathering had come together. Only shyly they all looked into the petrified face of their master, whom they had known quite differently, bright and full of life, and whom they had loved. But now everything, everything had changed - since the terrible thing in Treuenfels Castle had happened. Their lord no longer stood before them as they had been used to seeing him. It was as if his tall figure had been bowed down by a heavy fate - or by heavy guilt. No one dared to decide whether guilt or fate had bent him. Not even his judges had been able to shed light on the mysterious event that had turned Treuenfels Castle into a house of mourning. Count Harro had been released from prison. He may well have been acquitted after the trial - but only for lack of evidence. His guilt could be proven as little as his innocence. For lack of evidence! Was that really an acquittal?