Harro von Treuenfels was sitting at the breakfast table with his little daughter and Beate when Heinrich brought the mail bag, which contained, among other things, Mother Anna's letter. Beate busied herself with Gilda while her father read the letter. "I had asked the Countess to procure for me, if possible, a governess for Gilda. She now writes me that she happens to be in a position to be able to suggest one to me at once. Thus Gilda need not be long without a governess." Beate herself felt that she had little talent or patience to be a governess, and was very much in agreement that this office should be taken from her again. "I hope the Countess has made a good choice," she said. "I can read you what the Countess writes about the young lady," Harro replied, reading the passages in question. Her face was painted with a far from joyful approval when it was said that Griseldis von Ronach was young and beautiful. She did not like to see such a personality near her cousin. This could perhaps be an obstacle to her plan to become Count Harro's second wife. "Twenty-two years old is the lady only, Harro," she said hesitantly. "Surely that is too young for such a responsible position." Harro let his gaze rest on the letter he still held in his hand. His gaze fell on the name Griseldis. He liked it very much, that name. "I have written to the Countess that I would like a still youthful governess for my daughter. This age seems just right to me. Gilda should have in her governess at the same time a young companion." Beate lowered her eyes to hide the uneasy sparkle in them. Even before she saw Griseldis, she felt a strong dislike for her and would have liked to prevent the young lady's employment at all costs. Harro now turned to his little daughter. "Did you hear that, Gilda? You're going to have a governess again." Gilda looked up from her chocolate, with which she had been busy. Her deep blue eyes looked tenderly into her father's face. "Oh, I thought it was much nicer without a governess. We don't need one after all." "It's not that simple, Gilda. And be careful, Miss Griseldis will be very kind to you." "Will Miss Griseldis scold me, too, like Mademoiselle, if I won't be quiet for once when she's reading in those grayish yellow books?" inquired Gilda further. "I hope Miss Griseldis doesn't read grayish yellow books and only scolds you when you're naughty." Beate pulled the child onto her lap in tenderness and pressed her against her. "My poor little one! You are my sweet, dear child." The latter, however, made herself uncomfortably loose. "Ow, Aunt Beate, why do you hold me so tightly? You are hurting me. And you don't have to call me poor little thing. After all, I have my dear daddy, so I'm not a poor little thing." Despite her protests, Beate kissed the child again, looking at Harro. Gilda struggled to get away and jumped away. Then the Comtesse said, as if from the depths of her heart, "She is a sweet creature. I love her unspeakably and do not want to let her out of my arms." Touched, Count Harro held out his hand to her, unaware of what she meant by such words. "I thank you for this love, Beate. My poor child can use much of it, for she has no mother." "I must love Gilda - she is your daughter after all, Harro!" she groaned excitedly. She saw that he jerked up uneasily at these words, Then she pulled herself together and continued more quietly, lowering her eyes, "You have done me so much good that I want to repay you in some way. Believe me, my whole existence has only one purpose, to do something for you and your child." He reproached himself that these words of Beate's left him cold. She brought so much love and cordiality to him and Gilda, and he had nothing for her but a pitiful acquiescence. He was sorry, for he did not like to remain indebted to anyone. But he couldn't help it that Beate repelled him more than attracted him.