Immediately after breakfast, Griseldis went with Gilda, as usual, out into the park for lessons. Griseldis had to pull herself together today and kept looking anxiously toward the castle to see if Count Harro had not yet arrived. At last she saw his tall figure appearing among the trees. "Restlessness has driven me here. I have been thinking about what you might have to say to me. Even I have had to think of your asking me to dismiss you," he said, visibly agitated and uneasy. "No, Count. It is something else that is on my mind." "If only you don't want to leave - then all is well," he groaned. She trembled under his hot, pleading gaze. And then she turned to Gilda. "We want to weave wreaths again, Gilda. You must pick flowers, child of the heart - quite a lot of flowers. Here you have a basket, you put them in there. But pick only those with long stems, you can take your time." Gilda nodded happily, took the basket and jumped over to the park lawn. She was now busy for a long time. Harro had settled down at the table opposite Griseldis. "So, Fräulein von Ronach, now we are without witnesses. Now don't torture me any longer. What do you have to tell me? I know that you are not asking for an undisturbed conversation without reason. You must have something important to tell me." Griseldis had also taken her place again. The table stood between them. "Before I speak, I ask you to give me your word of honor that you will keep the strictest silence about what is about to happen and about what I am about to tell you, even if it seems foolish or unimportant to you." "You have my word of honor, speak." Then Griseldis looked around to see if no one was near, nestled the little box with the ring from her dress. "The string ring!" he exclaimed in amazement, taking the ring out of the box. "So it is the cord ring? The same one that your late wife gave to Comtesse Beate, and which she had been missing since the day Countess Alice died, and had not recovered since?" "Yes, yes, it is certainly him." "Well, Count, it is also the very same ring that I saw in my dream without ever having laid eyes on it before." "No one but you would I believe that. And how did you come by this ring?" "I found it." "Where?" "In a place that was pointed out to me in my dream. But I want to keep this place from you yet, because I have grave reasons for doing so." "These reasons I must honor without knowing them. In any case, my base will be very happy to have the original jewel back." Griseldis started up. "But she must not get the ring back for the present, Count." "But why not?" "I can't tell you that today. But - it must be!" "It must be?" "Yes, Count. I ask you to put the ring in safe keeping and not to let anyone see it." "You have my word of honor. But won't you tell me why they are keeping it all secret?" "No - not yet. In my dream, your late wife showed me this ring. I've never given anything to dreams, but I've never dreamed so strangely either. It forced me to look for something. And I found the ring. They say the soul of a murdered man cannot rest until the murderer has received his punishment. I feel that I have a task to complete, and that task is not yet finished." "And what is that task?" "I want to bring your innocence to light, Count," she said in a restrained voice. Incredulous, but with a tender look, he looked at her. He bent over the table and grasped her hand. "You will not succeed. I have tried everything in vain to throw light on it. But - tell me - what drives you to strive for my innocence?" "I do not know - I only know that I must follow the path I have taken to the end, and that it will lead me to the goal," she said softly but firmly. Then he pulled her hand toward him. "Griseldis!" he said softly, with trembling tenderness. She winced and tried to free her hand. "No - do not avoid me, dear, dear Griseldis! I have long struggled with myself whether I may tell you what lives in my heart for you, what daily grows deeper and stronger and fills my whole being - so that I myself forget my misery over it. But this morning I say: If I were guilty, I would not dare to speak to you like this. But my guiltlessness gives me courage. I love you, Griseldis, with all the fibers of my being. You came into my darkened existence like a shining ray of sunshine. I thank you, if I found this life in eight and ban bearable. You believed in me and made me happy. You were a loving educator for my child. Do you want to be a faithful mother to Gilda, Griseldis, do you want to put your loving hand in mine? I would thank you all my life. Not every woman I would ask under such circumstances. But you are strong, wise, kind and brave, you would go with me through hardship and death - if you love me. - And I read in your eyes that you do. Griseldis dear, faithful Griseldis - was I mistaken?" With trembling bliss Griseldis had listened to his hot, excited words. Happiness made her mute. She could not speak. Only her eyes looked at him and shone into his heart like the dear sun. "Griseldis - won't you answer me?" he asked with tenderness. Then she breathed a deep sigh of relief, and, overcome with happiness, laid her forehead on his hand, which still held hers, as if it were delicious to rest there. So she lay still for a while, with her eyes closed. And then she straightened up again and looked at him with undisguised love. "I thank you - oh - I thank you from the bottom of my heart for telling me this. I do not want to be untrue - I want to confess to you freely that I love you. Your destiny moves me, I came here joyfully to serve you. And when I faced you for the first time, I knew that my fate was sealed, that my life had only the value that you would give it. My heartfelt compassion for your fate was nothing - but love. And my whole existence culminated only in the desire to serve you, to help you with all my strength. It was probably my hot, strong desire to bring your innocence to light that moved Heaven to give me a hint in my dream. - But I must not and will not allow you to take a step now - which you might not take in a little while. Now you are in a depressed mood because you have to live lonely and withdrawn. But when you return to your shining circle, when you, the rich Count Treuenfels, can choose among the most beautiful, most brilliant women, then you would perhaps regret that you have chosen the poor governess of your daughter as your wife. And if I had to realize that, I would be very - very unhappy." He bent over her hands and kissed them with passionate tenderness. "My fairy princess, will you torment yourself and me with such folly? Do you not hear that I love you - you - you alone. Give me your yes, Griseldis, redeem the poor Frog Prince and make him happy. I will thank you forever." "Yes, I want to redeem him, the poor Frog Prince, want to make him a beautiful, proud king's son again. But please, you shall not bind yourself today, perhaps I shall succeed in freeing you from fear and spell. And if you then still stretch out your hand to me as a free, proud man - then - oh, my God -, I wouldn't know how to grasp the fullness of my happiness then." "Griseldis, why do you want to torment me by your hesitation?" "Do not torment - from this God preserve me. I want you to know that I place myself unconditionally in your hands. Only I ask for a short respite." "Why do you ask for such a one?" "Because - because I want to fulfill my task beforehand. Only a short time you will wait. And - no person in the castle must suspect with what wishes you think of me. I beseech you to conceal it carefully - from all eyes." She was thinking of Beate. There was an inexplicable fear in her, as if something terrible must happen to her if the Comtesse suspected that the Count was courting her, and she cringed. "Very well - if you promise me that I may call you my bride four weeks from today." A soft, dreamy smile, which delighted him, was on her countenance. "Yes - I promise," she said softly. "Griseldis -" he stammered, looking up at her. At the same moment she flinched in fright. With a distraught face she looked toward a group of bushes and hastily pulled her hands from his. "My God!" she groaned, stunned. He turned hastily and just saw a tall female figure dressed in black disappear behind the bushes - Beate. In an instant, the count grasped that Griseldis must have had an inkling that the comtesse loved him. That's why she didn't want anyone to know about his love for her. Now Gilda came back with her basket, which was full of flowers. "Look, Griseldis - such a lot of flowers. Now you can make wreaths." Griseldis embraced her with both arms. The Count felt delighted that this tenderness was meant for him, too. "It is better that I walk around for a while now. If I stay longer, I will no longer stand up for myself. And impatience will now drive me restlessly about. Good-bye, Gilda - I leave you alone with your beautiful princess - enviable Gilda!" "Please - one more word," Griseldis said softly. She looked at him that he had to close his eyes from her spell to seem calm. "I would like to ask you to allow me to enter your study today, before the table. Please, let me be summoned by a servant, with the remark that you wish to tell me something concerning Gilda's lessons." "I don't know what I would rather do," he said, and walked hastily away, as if fleeing from himself.