 When Griseldis awoke very late the other morning, after a refreshing, restorative slumber, Henriette stood before her camp, smiling and holding out to her a large bouquet of dewy red roses. "From the Lord Count for the gracious Miss Bride." Griseldis straightened up and buried her glowing countenance in the cool flowers. Gilda was to know nothing of all the terrible things, lest bad impressions should weigh down her soft young soul. Gilda, however, after the manner of a child, made a very thorough interrogation of Griseldis. It was not easy to satisfy her. Quickly now Griseldis and Gilda made toilette, and when they were ready - both in white dresses - they went down to the breakfast room. Here Harro had been waiting for them for quite a while. With eyes shining tenderly, he approached them, kissed Griseldis' hand fervently, and took Gilda in his arms. He was a little pale from the restless, all-night sleep. But happiness shone from his eyes. Gilda in his arms and Griseldis' hand in his, he stood there. "Heart child - now let us both be wise and hold Griseldis so that she does not run away from us again as she did yesterday. Shall we?" he asked Gilda. She nodded vigorously. "And you know what we'll do to make sure she stays with us safely and always? We'll just ask her to be your dear mama. Shall she?" Gilda looked at the two humans in amazement. "How can that be done, Papa?" she asked childishly. Well - Griseldis will just become my wife, and then she will be your mama." Gilda clapped her hands. "Oh - then she shall be very quickly." And Gilda embraced Griseldis, and the Count embraced them both at once with his arms. Then Gilda asked, "Where is Aunt Beate? Is she not coming to breakfast?" Griseldis suddenly turned very pale and looked anxiously, cringing, at the door. "Be quiet, Griseldis. Beate is out of town." Griseldis looked at him uneasily. Later he gently told of the comtesse's tragic end and gave her the letter she had left him to read. "Ah, Harro - dear Harro, that there are people who are so unhappy that they must become bad! Forgive her, as I will. She has judged herself, and has atoned for what she has done." "I knew you would speak thus. Since I hold you in my arms, healthy and unharmed, I shall be able to forgive her." "Dear - think no more of what is behind us. God has graciously sheltered me and freed you from a spell - may he have mercy on her poor soul." Gilda came jumping up, wanting to benefit from the caresses as well. And her father and Griseldis now led her by the hands between them, and so they strode to three, joined in intimate love.