Once again he went outside Beate's room. Maybe he could get some clue from her. But there was no answer to all his knocks. When he came back downstairs, it was midnight. And then his valet Grollmann met him on the stairs. He looked pale. "Please, will the Count walk with me once," he said excitedly. "What is it, Grollmann?" he asked, startled. Grollmann shrugged his shoulders. "Perhaps it is only folly on my part, Herr Graf. - When we returned home from the search for Fräulein von Ronach, I went with Heinrich to his room. We wanted to have something to eat together, because we hadn't had any supper yet today. We had hardly sat down when we heard a knocking, a very strange knocking, always three times in succession, then a pause and then three times again. Heinrich's room is on the first floor, below the bedroom of the very blessed Countess Alice. And the knocking came decidedly from the adjoining tower wall. Heinrich and I now went into the room above. It is the silver chamber. There we heard the knocking even more clearly. And now the thought occurred to me whether Fräulein von Ronach is even locked in the rooms of the high-souled Countess Alice in the end." Count Harro went with him immediately. Heinrich still stood listening in the silver chamber. "It is still knocking," he said. And then the count also heard the strange knocking. It came decidedly from the wall that abutted the tower. The count put his ear to the wall. There it knocked again, three times - a pause - and again three times. It was a knocking like when one knocks with a hard object on a wooden wall. Involuntarily, for lack of another object, he grabbed a wooden stool and knocked loudly, exactly in the same way, three times - pause three times - on the wall. Immediately the answer sounded a little more hastily and louder than before. Count Harro and the two servants looked at each other in consternation. Then the count knocked again, but this time four times - pause - four times. And like an echo it came back from the wall. Then the count straightened up. "Heinrich - you stay here and keep giving these signals. I'm going up to the Countess's rooms with Grollmann. We must get to the bottom of this mysterious knocking," he said, pale and agitated. And he hurried out, fetched the keys from his room, then opened Countess Alice's rooms.