 He arrived home with a pale, tortured face. He found on his desk the incoming mail that Comtesse Beate had left for him. They were mostly impersonal, business letters. Only one long, narrow envelope was between them, which carried a personal note and interested him. He weighed it indecisively in his hand. The envelope bore a fine, simple imprint in the upper left corner: Stift St. Marien, Thüringen. And he knew the handwriting, too. It was a letter from the matron of the old noble St. Marien convent, the Countess Salitz-Halm, a relative of his mother, who had been an intimate friend of his mother's until the end of her life. He unfolded the letter and read: My dear, dear Harro! Today I want to assert a right to you - the right of your mother's best and most loyal friend. I have heard about everything that has come over you in the last few weeks, and it has pained me that I could not help you. Today I heard that you have been acquitted for lack of evidence. I know what that means for a man like you. I feel that it must eat at you and eat away at you. And that's why I feel compelled to say a good word to you in your mother's place. Do not despair, my dear Harro. He who knows you, as I know you, will not doubt you for a moment, as I did not. I know that you are incapable of a cowardly assassination. Unfortunately, I cannot stand up for you in front of the whole world, because I live here in my monastery very secluded and quiet. But you should at least know that an old, loyal heart beats here with heartfelt wishes for your and your child's welfare and believes in you unshakably. And if you need me, call me and I will hurry to you. If there is anything else I can do for you, let me know. I am always ready to help you with all my strength. And if you want to pour out your heart to someone without reserve, write to me. I will always be glad to hear from you. Your faithful Mother Anna, Superior of the Convent of St. Mary How good these trusting, convinced words did him after his friend Dalheim had cut him so clearly. He saw to his relief that not all people doubted him. The words of the kind woman reached his heart as if they were the good words of a mother. He could have kissed her hands gratefully, and it urged him to answer the letter immediately. It occurred to him that perhaps the matron could recommend and procure a governess for his daughter. Through her convent ladies she was certainly in contact with many families, and she could perhaps recommend a suitable young lady to him. So he answered the letter.