"A Seismosaurus," Professor Henry Sondstrup whispered devoutly, staring down from the helicopter at the dinosaur trudging forward with the imperturbability of a natural disaster. "It can't be anything else. My God, a live Seismosaurus!" "Quite a hunk," the pilot of the machine replied, much less impressed. "Probably the largest dinosaur that ever lived," the professor continued. He watched the giant as if spellbound. Sondstrup was the head of the staff of paleontological scientists researching DINO-LAND. "All that has been discovered so far are bone fragments of a single seismosaur, which do not even come close to forming a complete skeleton. In truth, he's even bigger than anyone thought. Just look, he should measure nearly forty meters, even though part of his tail is missing." The professor's voice almost rolled over with excitement. "Do you know what the name Seismosaurus means? The earth shaker. I really can't think of a more appropriate name." "I hope the next time he shakes the earth he collapses unconscious," the pilot returned prosaically. "Because if that doesn't happen soon, there's going to be a medium-sized disaster." Despite his excitement at being able to see one of the absolute giants of prehistory with his own eyes, Sondstrup was also concerned. In addition to the aircraft in which he himself was sitting, four other helicopters were already circling Seismosaurus. By now, the animal was no longer ignoring them. Either it had noticed that they were constantly giving it pinpricks with their shots, or they were simply becoming a nuisance to it. Again and again it raised its head, tried unsuccessfully to snap at them and roared at them full of unbridled rage. About a dozen ampoules of anesthetic were already stuck in the monster's throat, at least the same number of shots had missed it or hit it at such an awkward angle that the thin tips had broken off. The beast had slowed, but by now it had approached the vantage point to within less than half a mile. There were not only the total of six towers with their platforms full of telescopes, by means of which the tourists could observe DINO-LAND from a distance. There were numerous booths, stalls and even carousels all around. Everything was like a small fair tailored to dinosaurs, where visitors, especially families with many children, could spend a whole day without getting bored, and the offer was gratefully accepted. Well over a hundred tourists stayed there that late morning.