Stunned and imbued with a sense of abandonment, he looked around. Another wave of energy, more violent than the previous ones, passed through the room, through Aticus and the rest of this world. The control panel began to smoke. The electric overhead light shattered, raining down in tiny splinters on the tables of glasses and bottles. Was this where the Mystery Master had brewed his potions? With difficulty, Aticus picked himself up and staggered closer. The shelves along the walls were also filled with jars, pots, and glass vessels. Each of them filled with a different powder or liquid. Excitedly, Aticus rushed from one to the other, trying to recall every detail of his drink of the gods. What had it smelled like? What had its color been like? Its consistency and taste? That pressure on his head, that inner roar and pounding made it hard for him. For a moment his eyes went black. The air stopped coming out of him. It was as if his body had forgotten to breathe. He grabbed his throat, tore open his mouth. But the vital reflex would not come. Close to fainting, he landed on all fours. It was better down here. Down here he could breathe again. Greedily he sucked in the air. But it took a sheer eternity before he found the strength to pull himself back up to standing. His end was near, Aticus sensed. Without the life-prolonging drink, he would die. So he gathered his remaining strength and stepped up to the table. The colorful bottles caught the light of the sparking lamp and turned it into something beautiful. It was as if they were alive, pulsating, sending him signs. "Thank you!" exclaimed Aticus. Then he lifted to his lips a bottle with a crimson glow. He smelled its sweetness - a promise that told of balmy summer evenings in a rose garden. So tempting, he drained the bottle in one gulp. But the taste was the sheer opposite, so bitter and morose that Aticus screwed up his face and spat it out. "The wrong potion, isn't it? But it doesn't matter," the Cesar babbled to himself as he looked over the remaining containers. "Is it this one, perhaps? Yes, it must be. So golden and without any taint." Again he drank, pouring the contents whole down his throat, thinking he was walking through olive groves, during harvest time. He saw the sky before him. Birds flying to freedom. And for a moment he felt as if the headache would subside. But a blink later, the throbbing returned, so unbearably strong that he cried out and grabbed his head. Blood from his arm injury trickled down his tunic and dripped onto the table. But Aticus was not about to give up yet. Not now, when he was so close to finding the right vial. One of them had to be the right one. One of them was the potion of the gods. The contents of the next bottle burned in his throat and made him gag. His stomach rebelled and he spit it all out again while he struggled to cling to the edge of the table. As he hung there like that, wiping his mouth with his tunic, he saw it. At the other end of the room was the vial that it had to be. For sure. A slender vial that looked as if it had been filled with liquid sunlight. It shone so brightly that he wondered how he could have missed it before. He wanted to rush over, but his legs failed him. He fell down, into his vomit, and tried to crawl forward toward the life-giving elixir. But his body would no longer obey him. Would no longer move. His vision clouded over. He reached out and grasped the air. But his arm was too heavy. His fingers clenched into a fist. Then his eyes fell shut. He had to rest. Just for a moment, until the pain in his body stopped. Until he would have renewed strength. He heard himself breathing; everything was so loud, so sore. As he retched again, he tasted the blood. And for a waking moment he wondered if the Mystery Master also possessed such red, warm blood. He who was not at all human. But the thought passed, and Cesar Aticus felt the soothing darkness overtake him and sweep him away.