There, too, the battle was surprisingly over. The hydrites had won. Those of the guards who were not dead were tied up in makeshift straps. But there would not be much time before someone joined in, sounded the alarm again, and summoned more soldiers. "Ydiel!" cried Aruula, hugging the lizardman. "I'm so glad you're alive. You were incredible in the arena." The lizardman looked drained, but a wide smile stole across his face at Aruula's reunion. "I've seen you. In the hole underrr the graterr," the lizardman replied. "Gave merr courage." "There'll be time for sob stories later, when we're all safe," Guan'ril admonished. "You're right, we need to get out of here," Aruula confirmed. "More soldiers will be coming. We can't defend this dungeon forever." Quart'ol agreed with both of them. But they were not finished yet. He had promised Ru'kor he would get him out of the cell, and he would keep his word. But before he could say anything, Shin'loa took the floor. "We have to free the prisoners. They are all coming with us." Guan'ril nodded to his daughter and told his men to unlock the cage doors and free the wild Hydrites from their chains. "Not ssso good," Ydiel said. "What's not good?" echoed Quart'ol. "Ssso much blood," Ydiel gave in reply, pointing around. Quart'ol understood - but it was too late. He heard the cell doors open, the first chains fall. The next moment he saw the wild hydrites coming out of their cages, their eyes full of greed, their mouths dripping with bloodthirst. "Remember what I spoke to you about!", Shin'loa raised her voice. For she, too, had an inkling of what was to come. "Freedom is only a few steps away. Fight for your self-control and follow us out into the sea! There we shall see!" Ru'kor stood in the hallway, his eyes fixed almost lustfully on the hydrite, and seemed to be wrestling with himself inwardly. As he was about to turn away, Shin'loa ran up to him and took him by the hand. "Come," was all she said, turning away and pulling him along with her. Quart'ol couldn't help but admire her courage, however reckless her actions. And sure enough, Ru'kor followed her. He and a few others, while the rest went after the dead bodies of the soldiers in a predatory manner. Led by Aruula, they climbed back into the drainpipe and ran along the aqueduct system. They had to hurry, seal the passage as best they could, and then continue to flee to the coast. Quart'ol saw Shin'loa trembling, eyes wide and still shuddering at the memory of the cannibal activity, smacking and eating. But she kept running, like everyone else.