When morning dawned, she rose with heavy, aching limbs, and, shivering and wrapping herself in a shawl, walked slowly up and down like a caged animal. Above the shame and despair of being considered the daughter of an adventuress in Magnus and Fred Rittner's eyes, she had almost forgotten her desperate situation. Didn't the brothers have to believe that she was complicit, that she had known about her mother's maneuvers? She approached the table where her mother's diary still lay. Next to it, she spotted the thin notebook in which her mother had recorded to whom she owed money. Rosemarie pressed her lips tightly together. She leafed through the booklet. She read many a familiar name there. And the blush came back to her face. All these people were believers of her mother. How horrible that she was not able to pay back this money! She would never be able to do so. Magnus Rittner's name was also listed there with five thousand marks. Oh, that she could have paid back at least these five thousand marks! That would be her dearest wish from now on. From the diary she had read that her mother's last hope had been Herr von Heinzius. Herr von Heinzius was waiting in Nice for her and her mother to appear. She only had to call him, only to tell him that she wanted to become his wife. Then she was out of all trouble, then she could also pay her mother's debts. But only for a moment this thought rose enticingly in her. Then she abruptly shook her head and rejected this thought far away. No, she could not belong to a man she did not love! And she could not become the wife of an honest man. She would have to confess beforehand what she had read from her mother's diary. And such a confession would not pass her lips. No, she would rather earn her daily bread in hard work! Somehow it had to be possible. She had learned many things, had been thoroughly educated in all subjects at the boarding house. God would help her to earn her living. She wanted to be very modest. For God's sake, don't lose your self-respect! She had to keep it, otherwise she would rather not go on living. To keep her head above water for the time being, she had to sell the imitations. Perhaps there was something else among her mother's estate that she could turn into money. But she did not want to sell her mother's clothes and linen. She wanted to keep that for herself, because she might not be able to buy new wardrobe for a long time now. Fortunately, she was very skillful and had always modernized her and her mother's clothes and hats. Nobody had guessed that in the society. Rosemarie thought about whether she should not perhaps take advantage of this skill to earn her bread. She wanted to talk to Countess Rosenberg, perhaps she could give her some advice. Rosemarie now put everything back into the suitcase and then went to the bathroom. When she was done with that - she only had two black dresses and didn't have to choose for long - she stood in front of the mirror for quite a while and stared at her pale face. This was a different Rosemarie von Salten looking back at her than yesterday. Worry and shame had dug their lines into this pale, tired face. It was no longer the carefree child's face that looked back at her, but the face of a young woman who wanted to take up the struggle for existence.