 Five days later, Julien came forward after reading in the newspapers that the Prince of Sablemer's "Francoise Cosmetics" would be incorporated into the German "VIVA Cosmetics". "VIVA-Kosmetik" was based in Hamburg, so Leonie waited with a beating heart. Every ringing of the telephone had put her on edge in the last few days. Julien's call came again from the country inn "Drei Eichen". Again he had a press conference scheduled for tomorrow, and again he was alone that evening. "Rehlein, help me through this crucial evening of my life," he begged in his ingratiating voice. "I have to shine tomorrow to get a lucrative contract and also be convincing in front of the press ... But you should see me - a heap of misery! Alessandra always said I needed a woman to admire me, and already I'm running at my best. Come admire me a little and pity me a little! That's vital for me today." "I ..." "Now don't tell me you have to ask that sourpuss Paul first. Make an exception, doe! A lot could depend on this evening for you, too. Who knows what fate ..." "You mean, once you've exchanged sisters, you could do it again?" "Oh, doe! What a clever, but a bit sarcastic remark. So? Would you mind? You and I know what marriage is like by now, don't we? Maybe we really should just get married for a while, but that's for the future. For the time being, I'm not asking you to marry me, I'm asking you to hold my hand tonight. You can't refuse that to a friend in need, can you?" When Leonie left her home on Elbchaussee that evening, she didn't take a toothbrush with her, but she did take her ID card and her jewelry case. It wasn't that she wanted to leave her husband, but Paul's threat not to want to see her in the house again was certainly serious. Still, she had to go. She had to find out once and for all how things stood between her and Julien. If she loved him so much that she could give up everything for him, then she should give it all up instead of making Paul and herself miserable. But if Julien was to be just a romantic childhood sweetheart, it was time to close that chapter for good. She still considered leaving Paul a message about where she was going, but then didn't. Paul also read the newspaper and would know that Julien was in the country.