Stella took a cab to Cork. During the whole trip she sat slumped in the back. She no longer thought about Duke Robert, she only trembled for Patrick. She no longer had the strength to hope for a miracle. Even as she asked for Patrick at the porter's lodge, she thought she knew the answer - Patrick would not live. An elderly nurse came out of the box and put her hand on her arm with a motherly gesture. "Come with me, the patient has asked for you several times." At that moment Stella lost her temper. She threw herself against the nurse's chest and burst into unrestrained sobs. The nurse held her tightly and stroked her head. "But, what are you doing? Shouldn't you be happy?" "Patrick is alive?" stammered Stella. "Yes, and he's been conscious for an hour." The nurse smiled. "Pull yourself together. Do you want him to see that you've been crying?" "No." Stella dried her tears. "Sister, I was afraid Patrick wasn't alive after all." "Then thank our Lord God for sparing you this blow, Miss Douglas." The nurse led Stella to the second floor. "He's in a room by himself because things really weren't good for him at first." She opened the door, and Stella entered the room. She didn't even notice that the nurse had stayed outside; she ran toward the bed and sank to her knees. Now tears were falling down her face again. Patrick reached out his hand. "At last you are with me, Stella." His voice sounded very weak. "Please, get up, and don't cry anymore. All I've been thinking about is you and what a scare you're going to get again." Stella rose and sat on the edge of the bed. "He's already over it, Patrick." She looked at his face. It was pale, there were deep shadows under his eyes. "How could this happen?" Patrick hesitated to answer, as if he needed to spare Stella. "You didn't fall into the silo by yourself, Patrick?" "No. A man pushed me in. I don't even know his name. He must have just been hired at the farm today. He had been assigned to work on the silo for me." "Now you won't want to stay around here either, Patrick." Stella looked at him anxiously. "First, I'll be happy to let you take me home, Stella. The doctor says I have to stay in the hospital for a week. For observation, because I should be dead from the poisoning from the fumes." He tried to smile. "Don't talk about it anymore, Patrick. I'm going to find cheap accommodation here in Cork so I can come and see you every day. I won't go to the castle anymore. And you'll never work as a farmhand at Windhome Manor again." Stella stood up. "Did you have your jacket on, Patrick?" she asked. "Yes. Why do you want to know, Stella? I think it's hanging in the closet there. I saw the nurse hanging clothes in it earlier." Stella opened the closet and retrieved the jacket. She felt a side seam. "Do you feel anything, Patrick?" She handed him the jacket. "Yes, a bump." "Is that all?" Stella smiled. "It's the black bead from my mother's necklace. You know ..." "The one you had in that worn wallet, Stella?" "Yes. I sewed it into the jacket to protect you. And it did." Stella tugged at the seam until she could grab a thread and rip it open. She pulled out the black bead. Patrick looked at Stella in shock, then pulled her head down to him and kissed her. "You were that worried about me, my love?" "Yes, Patrick. And they were justified." Stella pressed the black pearl to her lips. "She is our greatest treasure, Patrick. As long as we have at least this one black pearl, we are rich." "And as long as I have you, I am the richest man in this world, Stella. In the future, I'll be more careful about everything, and more alert to danger. Especially so that I don't have to keep scaring you." Stella put the black pearl in the drawer of the bedside cabinet. "I want her to stay with you until I can get you home, Patrick."