At lunch together, Duchess Alice did not appear at the table. Emily breathed a sigh of relief and remained as open-minded as she had been outside in the park. Stella insisted that the child sleep for an hour after dinner. And Emily was so tired that her eyes immediately fell shut. Stella took this opportunity to go to the park alone. She had a sure feeling that she must hurry to visit Duchess Gwendolin. Who knew when it would please the old duchess to dismiss her granddaughter's governess again? Stella managed to get through the park unseen. Still, she was anxious when she stood in front of the pavilion. The door was locked. But already Stella heard footsteps, the key was turned in the lock, and Duchess Gwendolin opened. Immediately she reached out and pulled Stella into the pavilion. "I'm locking up again. This hour is not very convenient. The doctor must come soon. We must hurry!" Gwendolin grasped Stella's hand in her room. "I thank you for coming. I had already dared not hope." She dropped into a chair. Her blue eyes looked anxiously at Stella. "Couldn't you bring my little Emily?" "I didn't dare, Gwendolin. I wanted to speak to you again first. If Duchess Alice found that I was going to the pavilion with Emily, I certainly couldn't stay in the castle any longer. I must be very careful." Stella stood before the young beautiful woman in the reseda green veil robe. Today, too, her fiery red hair hung open over her shoulders. "Yes, we must be very careful." The young duchess stood up and went to the window. As anxious as she looked, she made a fresher impression today. When Stella told her this, Gwendolin smiled painedly. "I always feel better when the effects of the injections wear off." "Why are you getting these injections anyway?" asked Stella. "Because I'm sick. That's what everyone says - my husband, my mother-in-law, and especially Doctor Ramsey." Duchess Gwendolin's voice had a monotone. Now she was startled and took a step back from the window. "They are coming. Doctor Ramsey and my mother-in-law. Quick, Stella, you must get out of here. For heaven's sake, if they saw you! We'd both have to pay for it." Gwendolin reached for Stella's hand. "The pavilion has a back door. I'll let you out. Hide in the bushes until you're sure you won't be discovered. Only then will you go back to the castle." Gwendolin was in a fever of excitement. She dragged Stella down the hall, unlocked a door, and said only, "Please, come back. But not right after Doctor Ramsey's visit, I'll be too exhausted." Stella hid in the bushes. She soon heard voices coming from the pavilion, but could not understand what was being said. She was very disappointed that she had not been able to talk to Gwendolin longer. Therefore, she stayed in her hiding place. She hoped that Duchess Alice and the doctor would soon leave the pavilion. And indeed it was not long before the two were walking through the park again. Stella waited a few more minutes, then knocked on the back door. It took a while before Gwendolin opened it for her. Her eyes seemed cloudy now, and she had trouble keeping her eyelids open. She propped her hands against the wall, and her voice was barely intelligible. "I can't talk to you now, Stella, forgive me." She pressed both hands to her head. "I'm dead tired. Don't forget me, come back soon." She stepped on the threshold and suddenly seized Stella's arm. "But be on your guard. If the wind blows particularly hard around the castle, you are in danger. Then everyone is in danger from Robert and his mother. Please go." Stella stepped back into the bushes. She shivered, although the sun shone from the sky. Gwendolin closed the door. To Stella it seemed as if she had been only a ghost, this delicate exhausted woman with the toneless voice. Stella left her seat. She sat down on the edge of a fountain. Her thoughts were with Patrick. He had said last night, "Whenever the wind blows particularly hard around the castle, then ..." He hadn't gotten any further than that. But Gwendolin had just completed this sentence. Why did Patrick know the same thing as Gwendolin? There was no doubt that he, too, had wanted to speak of danger. There had been fear in his eyes. Stella could no longer stay by the fountain, although she would have preferred to stay alone now. She had to go back to Emily. Perhaps the little girl had already woken up.