At about the same time, Paul was called out of a conference in Cuxhaven where a merger of shipowners was being discussed in order to counter the price pressure of the Asian market. The head secretary had whispered to him that a princess from Wallmenroth wanted to speak to him, and Paul hurried to the secretary's office to take the call. He was worried. The princess could only be Leonie, and Leonie had never disturbed him at work for no reason. But it was not his wife, it was Alessandra. "Greetings, Paul," she purred over the phone. "I'm calling from Munich and wanted to ask you if you knew where Julien was. I lost track of him, and since I know he's in Hamburg, I thought ..." "Julien? I'm glad to hear that! What's he doing here?" "A press conference about his cosmetics. I called Leonie's, but she's strangely gone away." "Left? Where would Leonie go in this weather?" "Martha said she got a call from Julien and took off, so I thought ..." So, you thought, ran through Paul angrily. I know exactly what you have in mind, you little beast. You want me to believe that my wife is still after Julien! "Why shouldn't the two of them meet?" he retorted calmly. "Oh! I'm glad you're so tolerant. I ... I'm not, though. I love my husband and I don't want to see my marriage jeopardized by an escapade that ..." "You're not talking about my wife in this context, I hope," Paul cut his sister-in-law off. "Don't forget that your wife is also my sister, and I may know Leonie better than you do. After all, she might want to take revenge on me for snatching the prince from under her nose, and besides, it's hard for her to always play second fiddle because I'm the more attractive one." Paul swallowed. He remembered very well that Alessandra had won the prince over not by her beauty but by intrigue. "Do you still want to put your hand in the fire for Leonie? Or are you beginning to care where they hold hands? It's at the Three Oaks, a cozy country inn with three-star cuisine. If I were you, that's where I'd go!" "Thank you for caring!" "You're welcome. Julien will be happy to see you. I'm sure there are a few things he'd like to ask you." "I'm sure he will. I'm sure he's got not only questions, but a bunch of problems. The way you're throwing out money, I'll give you another six months," Paul responded for the first time in an unruly manner. He only now realized that he deeply disliked Alessandra. "What do you mean?" "Francoise Cosmetics needs a start-up period of one year, during which no funds flow ..." "Francoise cosmetics! What's Francoise cosmetics to you!" suddenly raged Alessandra. "You'd better take care of your unfaithful wife!" Dumbfounded, Paul stared at the receiver. The line was dead. Princess Alessandra de Sablemer-Wallmenroth had by now acquired the manners of a laundress.