Jeffrey Holder still didn't know what to make of the whole thing, but the mere memory of the man, as well as that of Deinonychus, sent a shiver down his spine. With the push of a button, he handed control of the helicopter back to Bill Collins. Actually, he should have been given some time off after the horrible experience, but he had refused. As a youth, he had ridden a lot and had adopted the rule of getting back into the saddle immediately after a fall from a horse, so as not to develop anxiety neurosis in the first place. It was the same here. If he had only resumed his service in a few weeks, he would probably have been much more afraid of it. Since a psychologist who had examined him thoroughly had also expressed no concerns, he resumed patrol flights that very day with a new partner. "We should veer off a little," Collins said, pulling the aircraft into a turn. "The time quake is close. It's supposed to be a weak one, but better safe than sorry. I have no desire to be hurled into primeval time just because some idiot may have entered a wrong number into the computer." "You have pretty little faith in modern technology," Holder noted with a grin. "Not in technology, but in the people who operate it," Collins corrected. "I don't think I would have become a helicopter pilot if I didn't." He grimaced and once again corrected the helicopter's course by a tiny amount. "But I've never been comfortable with computers anyway. Except for a few specialists, nobody knows what's in those boxes, and if one of those specialists makes just one tiny mistake, even the best computer delivers crap." Holder didn't share this disapproval, but he could understand it, especially with someone like Collins. After all, they were almost a generation apart in age. Collins had been a soldier when even the simplest calculators filled an entire closet, and since then he had watched his work become more and more computer-driven. Even the simple little helicopters used here in DINO-LAND were stuffed with microchips that controlled numerous electronic processes.