"See you next weekend then," Jeffrey Holder said, hanging up the phone. He had been calling from a bar in Henderson; the pay phone hung in the hallway leading to the restrooms. Music and muffled voices emanated from the taproom. After hours, many soldiers and other military personnel stationed near DINO-LAND came into this shed for a few drinks. Especially after a day like this, some relaxation was needed. "A conversation with your girlfriend in Los Angeles?", Holder heard a voice directly behind him that he knew all too well. Although he had heard it for the first time only two days ago, he would probably never forget it. A shiver ran down his spine. With a jerk, he turned around. "You!" he hissed. "How do you know about that?" "I know a lot about you," replied the slender, blond-haired man, across the left side of whose face a long scar stretched from his forehead almost to his chin. Holder hadn't even heard him come in. "More than you might think. It's always good to know something about people who are beholden to you. Otherwise they might get the foolish idea of not paying their debts." Debts, thought Holder, quivering in silent anger. That was all his life was to the stranger, apparently. It had been only two and a half days since the man had rescued him from mortal danger, but he had left no doubt from the beginning that he expected a reward for it that was not money. Holder looked around quickly. They were alone in the corridor. He was a soldier and also trained in hand-to-hand combat, yet there was something about the stranger, so tremendously confident, that frightened him. "What do you want from me?" he asked. "I will not be blackmailed. You helped me, and for that I am grateful, even if you were in forbidden territory. If you want money, then I am also willing to pay you something within my means, but finally stop playing the mysterious one and say what you are asking. Or get out!" The man laughed coldly. "You made no report of my intervention, but claimed to have killed Deinonychus alone," he said. "That was very clever of you. Now let's talk about the quid pro quo I demand for saving your life. You're flying again already?" It wasn't essentially a question, but a statement, yet Holder nodded. He wondered where the stranger had gotten his information. With each passing second, the man grew more sinister to him. "The time for you to settle your debts to me has come sooner than I myself expected," his counterpart continued. "You will see, my demands are quite modest. As a surveillance pilot, you will get information about all upcoming timequakes. What I require from you is exact information about the next quakes. Exact time and place, and if it is possible to calculate that approximately in advance, also the expected magnitude." In disbelief, Holder stared at the stranger. "You ... can't be serious," he groaned. "Do you even know what you're asking? This information is subject to the highest level of secrecy. If anyone found out I had given it to you, it would cost me considerably more than just my job." "Better than your life," the man replied impassively. "Because I saved your life, after all. And I've already told you that I don't give anything away for free. By the way, these are not all my demands. What I also need is information about any patrol flights at the appropriate times in the quake zones." "You ... you're insane," Holder breathed. "You must be completely insane if you think I'm going to go along with this. I warn you, don't cross the line. I need only shout loudly to have you arrested. There are enough of my comrades next door." "You'd be dead before you could make the first sound," the stranger calmly asserted. In an apparently relaxed posture, he leaned against the wall of the corridor. He had his hands buried in the pockets of his leather jacket. "And count on it, I never make empty threats." Something about the way the man said this, but especially the compelling look in his eyes, made Holder not doubt for a moment that this was the truth. Had he really been saved from certain death at the hands of Deinonychus only to now be at the mercy of this psychopath in return? However, Holder was also no longer sure whether his unknown life saver was really just crazy. The man was dangerous, there was no doubt about that, but otherwise he seemed to know exactly what he wanted and seemed determined to stop at nothing to achieve his goals. But what could those goals be? If he wanted information about impending time quakes as well as patrol flights near the areas in question, it indicated that he wanted to enter DINO-LAND surreptitiously. This was also indicated by his unauthorized stay in the forbidden security zone the day before yesterday. Attempts to enter the jungle area were made again and again, especially in the early days before the security precautions and surveillance mechanisms had been expanded accordingly. As shown not least by the mass tourism to this area, prehistoric times and especially the dinosaurs exerted a great fascination on many people. Some seemed to spare no danger just to see some of the giant lizards up close. A few miles from Henderson, a small settlement had even been founded by crackpots who formed a veritable sect and saw in the timequakes a sign from God. Such fanaticism might be an exceptional phenomenon, and Holder did not get the impression that his lifesaver had anything to do with these fools. He seemed to be an adventurer of the hard kind, who carried out dangerous missions for pay. There were certainly a lot of people who would be willing to pay a pretty penny to get to DINO-LAND. Possibly the man worked for a bored millionaire who was looking for a new thrill without exposing himself to the risk of getting caught in one of the time quakes. That would explain a lot. "You want to get into DINO-LAND," Holder told him upside the head. His counterpart didn't even flinch. "That's none of your business," he replied. "When can you give me the information?" The door to the pub room opened. Dean Platter, another soldier, came down the hall. Holder knew the man slightly, even though he was stationed with the ground forces. "Hi, Jeff." Greeting, Platter raised his hand. He was already slightly buzzed. "How are you?" For a moment Holder was tempted to ask him for help, but immediately dismissed the thought. A feeling told him that even the two of them couldn't do much against the stranger, not least because Platter was already not quite sober. Therefore, he just nodded and forced himself to smile. "It's all right." "Good, I'll see you around." Platter walked past them toward the door to the restroom, behind which he disappeared. "Very sensible of you," the stranger said. "After all, we both don't want any trouble. So, when do I get the information?" "You don't, I already told you," Holder returned, upset. It was his counterpart's seemingly unwavering calm that almost drove him up the wall. "I wouldn't think of risking my job and a criminal case for you." Reprovingly, the man shook his head. "It seems to me you still haven't grasped the rules of the game. I'm not asking you for anything, I'm demanding, and when I want something, I know no bounds. Just think about your friend in Los Angeles. Mary must be an extremely pretty girl. Surely you wouldn't want anything to happen to her." "You ... you wouldn't dare!" gasped Holder in a voice that rolled over. Cold horror had gripped him. "I told you before that I know no bounds. If you are so ungrateful as not to do me even a small favor after I saved your life, I'm afraid I'll have to resort to such measures. It wouldn't do any good for your friend to hide either, believe me. I have ways of tracking down everyone. You'd better think twice about what you're doing. So when can you give me the information?" "Tomorrow," Jeffrey Holder whispered, shaken. He had loved Mary for almost a year, even though he had been stationed so far away from her. In fact, they were both already thinking about marriage. Nothing could happen to her, even if it cost him his career. "And no one will know about this?" "Not from me, anyway. But I warn you, you'd better not even think of planting false information on me. I have friends, and if something should happen to me, if I should be caught in a timequake, for example, it will mean a death sentence for your friend." "But ... what if something happens to you anyway, even though I had nothing to do with it?" echoed Holder, startled. He got no answer. The stranger just grinned coldly, reached into the inside pocket of his jacket and pulled out a piece of paper, handing it to him. "I expect the information tomorrow. You can reach me at this number. By the way, you don't need to have it checked, it's not my own, of course." He gave Holder a seemingly friendly pat on the shoulder in farewell, turned and disappeared through the door to the pub. "Damn bastard!" whispered Jeffrey Holder after the man disappeared. "I hope the devil gets you and leaves you to burn in hell!" At the same time, however, he was aware that because of Mary, he could not help but hope that the stranger's scheme would succeed. It was a truly diabolical predicament in which he found himself.