Before him, Duchess Alice had walked through the park. She had heard in the castle how ruthlessly Patrick demanded accountability. She knew that he would carry out his threat. If she wanted to save anything, she had to silence Gwendolin. Gwendolin knows everything we did to get possession of the inheritance, she thought. And no one must ever know that she was never ill. Duchess Alice entered the pavilion through the back door. She always had the key with her, and she had always ordered Gwendolin to remove the key inside. Duke Robert had often sneaked into the pavilion through this back door to secretly watch his wife. He had wanted to make sure that Dr. Ramsey's injections were having the desired effect. To go to Gwendolin in all candor, he had been too cowardly to do so. When Alice remembered this, she smiled derisively. No, Robert was not as strong as she was. Today, too, she had to act for him. Again, he would have her to thank if they could continue to live scot-free on Windhome. And without Gwendolin's testimony, they would be able to do that. Duchess Alice knew no scruples in her greed to give away none of what was now hers. The young woman in the pavilion had always been at her mercy, and her life meant nothing to her. Without going into Gwendolin's room, she fetched paper, wood shavings, and matches from a chamber. In the hallway, she lit the paper. The wood chips caught fire immediately. But with that, the Duchess had also blocked her way to the back door of the pavilion in the narrow hallway. Horrified, she realized that she had no key with her to the actual entrance door. She yanked open the door to Gwendolin's room to get her key. One step inside the room, the Duchess stopped. Gwendolin was not sitting at her loom, as Alice had suspected. She was nowhere to be seen in the entire room. "Gwendolin!" cried the Duchess, rushing back out into the hallway. The flames were by now blazing to the ceiling and eating into the wooden walls of the hallway. There would still have been rescue through one of the windows, but Duchess Alice had to consider the success of this fire a failure if Gwendolin did not perish in the flames. There was still a hope that she was in the second room of the pavilion. It was the room in which Duchess Alice had slept when she had guarded Gwendolin. But this room was also empty. "She must have gone into the park," Alice reflected aloud. "But then why did she lock the front door?" The Duchess rattled that door. It did not yield. Acrid smoke enveloped the arsonist, flames blazing toward her. It did not help that she stretched out her arms imploringly and screamed. She had no more power over this violence. The miserable death, which she had determined for Gwendolin without remorse, now reached for her mercilessly.