"My stomach hurts," little Lilly complained. She came down the stairs sniffling. She dragged her beloved giant bear Oskar behind her. "Tummy ache again?" Marissa sighed. "And you sound huffy, too." She went to meet her little daughter and took her in her arms. First, she put Lilly in her child's toilet seat. "I'll make you some tea," she said, and went into the kitchen. It couldn't be that Lilly was sick again! This really wasn't normal anymore. Just last week she had had inflamed tonsils and a cough. Marissa had taken her to the family doctor, who had diagnosed her with a mild flu. With the medication he had prescribed her, the symptoms had soon disappeared as well. And now it seemed to be starting all over again. Marissa prepared the tea and fetched Lilly from the toilet. The stomach ache had subsided again, but now she had an earache. Oh dear, what would come next? Marissa gave the little girl her medicine and poured her some tea. "Do you want something to eat?" she asked. "Want a donut," was the sullen reply. "You didn't say that nicely," Marissa objected. "What's it called?" Even though Lilly was uncomfortable, she wasn't going to let her get away with such a tone. "Can-I-please-have-a-donut!" said Lilly in a raised voice, followed by a loud cough. Marissa bit back a laugh. Lilly was too funny sometimes. "Unfortunately, the bakery didn't have any donuts today, so I brought you a blueberry muffin," she explained to her daughter. "A muffin it is, then," Lilly grumbled without any enthusiasm. She really wasn't in a good mood today, which wasn't something you were used to seeing from her. Marissa put the muffin on a plate and placed it in front of Lilly. "Enjoy it, sweetheart." Listlessly, Lilly began to eat. She crumbled the muffin more than she ate it. She also drank her tea only halfway. "Want to watch TV now," she said, pushing her plate with the pile of crumbs away from her. Marissa didn't answer, just raised her eyebrows admonishingly. "May-I-please-watch-television?" corrected Lilly angrily. "All right, because you asked so nicely." Marissa scanned the channels for a children's show. When she couldn't find anything suitable, she put in a DVD of a fairy tale movie.