"My God, how happy I am! I can't believe the miracle yet." With shining eyes, Marissa looked from Theo to her husband. The three of them sat in the cafeteria of Elisabeth Hospital, enjoying coffee and apple pie as they celebrated the fact that Theo had proven to be an ideal stem cell donor for Lilly. But not only that, they also celebrated the reunion between the two brothers. Yesterday, in the pediatric ward, they had met for the first time in seven years. Considering that they had never been particularly close, the greeting between Carsten and Theo had been extremely warm. There had not been a moment of awkwardness. Of course, Lilly's illness and the upcoming stem cell transplant had been the main topics of conversation. After Theo's typing had shown that his values were compatible with those of his little niece, he had still had to undergo a thorough examination to rule out any hidden diseases. Virological examinations were performed and HIV markers were searched for. Fortunately, everything was in order, so that nothing stood in the way of a transplantation of his stem cells. As far as little Lilly was concerned, the doctors in the pediatric ward, together with a specialist in pediatric hematology, had decided on a so-called non-myeloablative stem cell transplantation, in which the bone marrow was not completely destroyed. After a short conditioning period of two days, the transplant was to take place. As they now sat together in the cafeteria, Carsten also learned his brother's private story, which Marissa already knew. And he realized that they had all done him wrong, especially the parents. "We should all go to them together," Marissa suggested. "They don't know the good news yet. Let's relieve them of the uncertainty about Lilly's stem cell donor. They're usually home by Sunday night." Carsten immediately agreed, but Theo hesitated. "Are you sure you want me to come?" He felt a bit blindsided by his newfound sister-in-law's plans. "Of course! Now is the best opportunity to end your discord," Marissa said firmly. "The happy news that you're going to donate your bone marrow to Lilly will make her more mellow." Theo opened his mouth for another objection, but then fell silent and just nodded. They finished their coffee and left the cafeteria. Out in the hall, Carsten pulled out his cell phone. Before they drove to his parents' house, he wanted to announce their visit just in case. It was his mother who answered. "Is it okay with you guys if we stop by for a little while?" asked Carsten. "We have a surprise for you." "Several surprises, actually," Marissa called over Carsten's shoulder into the phone. She was so happy she could have cheered. Of course, Ellen immediately wanted to know if this surprise had to do with Lilly. Carsten answered in the affirmative and then quickly ended the call so as not to have to reveal everything on the phone. They left the clinic building. Outside in the parking lot, they got into Carsten's car and drove to his parents' house.