"I wonder who else that could be at this hour?" wondered Carsten a few days later when the phone rang. Marissa glanced at the clock. It was just before ten. "Probably your father or mother," she said. It was quite common for Carsten's parents to call about business in the evening, though rarely this late. Carsten got up and answered the phone. Marissa turned down the TV. They had been watching another documentary program about whales in Newfoundland, which was about to end. It was Carsten's mother. "Just a minute, Mom," he said just then, waving the phone at Marissa. "It's for you." Marissa went and picked up the phone. She could already guess what was on her mother-in-law's mind. Of course, she was supposed to be helping out at the store again, because to chat with her privately, she certainly wasn't calling at this hour. "Hello, Ellen," she said into the receiver. "Please excuse me for calling so late, but I just remembered that we got the new shipment from Eschwald today. You know, those beautiful hobby horses made of wood and leather and the carved Indian dolls. So I wanted to ask you to come to the store tomorrow to unpack the goods and decorate accordingly. All day, if you can." Marissa suppressed a sigh. Actually, she had something planned for tomorrow. Not that it was particularly important or that she couldn't put it off. But she didn't like having to get into business on such short notice. "The whole day might be too much, especially for Lilly, too," she objected. But her mother-in-law just laughed. "Lilly will be blissful if she gets to come to our toy paradise. At most, it will be too much for us to watch over the little whirlwind. But our sales staff will be happy to help. You know everyone loves Lilly." Marissa smiled to herself. Yes, everyone loved Lilly. And Lilly loved them all, too. "All right, I'll be there," she promised, wishing her mother-in-law a good night. Carsten had turned off the TV in the meantime, because the show was over. "You'll be back in business tomorrow?" he asked as Marissa came over to clear the empty glasses off the coffee table. "Yes, all day. Because of the delivery from Eschwald." She went to the door, which Carsten held open for her. "Then we could go back to the Ratsstuben for lunch sometime." "We can do that with pleasure," Carsten said immediately. He, too, enjoyed going to the renowned dining establishment in the old town, where they had also celebrated their wedding. "Alone," Marissa pointed out. Because with the lively Lilly, who couldn't sit still for a moment, it was always a bit stressful to eat in a restaurant. "Just the two of us," Carsten agreed, pressing a peck on the back of her neck.