Fred Rittner had joined his brother in the empty next room. "Well, Magnus, you keep yourself so aloof from society and look so disgruntled. Don't you feel well?" Uneasily Magnus looked up at him. "It was too hot in the hall for me, Fred. But I am glad to be able to talk to you. It might be possible that we would have to leave as early as tomorrow." Affected, Fred looked down at him. "Leave? Tomorrow already? What's happened?" "It will be up to you whether we travel or not." Fred shook his head. "Then we certainly won't travel tomorrow. I can't leave now." "And why, not?" "Because I have just had a talk with Rosemarie von Salten. Tomorrow I shall ask her mother for her hand in marriage." Magnus rose with a jerk, and a breath that sounded like a groan escaped from his chest. "So you did! I suspected it." "So you see that I cannot travel, Magnus." With dull eyes the brother looked at him. "Fred, perhaps we do travel, perhaps for that very reason." "What do you mean, Magnus? You approve of my choice, I hope? I know you think very highly of Rosemarie von Salten." Magnus Rittner's brow contracted as if in pain. "Still - still, I can't approve of your choice." Fred winced. "Why not? You knew I loved her, that I was applying for her, and you never said a word against it! I had to assume you approved of my choice." "So did I - until this hour. But a few minutes ago I heard something that makes it necessary for me to warn you against this slander." "What on earth has happened, Magnus?" Magnus slipped his hand under his brother's arm and drew him out on the terrace. "Come, Fred, so many people can watch us here, and it must not occur that my words frighten you." Fred followed him willy-nilly. Outside he stopped before his brother. "Now speak-don't keep me in suspense! What has happened? Why do you not approve of my connection with Rosemarie?" Magnus took his hand. "Fred, I have just learned from Herr von Schlieben that Frau von Salten is an adventuress. I suppose her daughter is remote from her doings, for I should despair of all my knowledge of human nature if she were not pure and blameless. But at least there remains the certainty that she is the daughter of an adventuress." Fred had started up, startled. "How can you believe such a thing?" There was a twitch in Magnus Rittner's face. "I didn't want to believe it either, but now I must. Listen to me, I will tell you all that has happened." And he told his brother everything he had discussed with Frau von Salten and then with Herr von Schlieben. Fred listened stunned. He turned very pale. When the brother had finished his report, he clasped his hand around his arm. "Can this be truth? That's terrible!" "Schlieben has corroborated it with his word of honor and wants to bring the witnesses to the bar for us later." For a while Fred stood paralyzed. His chest heaved in compressed breaths. Then he gasped excitedly, "Can you believe it, Magnus? This beautiful, fine, distinguished creature, an adventuress? She has duped me - like a foolish boy I have run into her net!" "No, Fred, I can't believe it either. But don't overshoot the mark! I'm sure you're doing her an injustice if you think she's guilty herself." "But surely she only roped me in because I'm a brilliant match," Fred groaned, his vanity very easily wounded. Magnus's lips pressed tightly together. A hot, nonsensical pity for Rosemarie rose in him. "Beware of doing her wrong in your grief! I repeat that I think her a pure, noisy character. But her mother, at any rate, is an adventuress. And - it takes a great deal of feeling for a man to see past that. I do not consider you, do not take it amiss, capable of such strong feeling. You are easily inflamed towards women, but also just as easily cooled down. And knowing you, you would not get over the fact that your wife does not come from a clean background, once the first flush had passed. So there would be no happiness for you. And that's why it's better for you to give up this union. Fortunately, the engagement is not yet published, and you can still resign under the present circumstances." For quite a while Fred stood lost in deep pondering. The horror of his brother's opening and the suspicion that Rosemarie had only accepted his courtship out of calculation warred with his passion for Rosemarie. After a while he straightened up. "No, Magnus, I can't get over that. Cleanliness belongs in our house. God knows, I have loved Rosemarie as much as I can love a woman. But your revelations have passed over my feelings like a cold breath. Even if Rosemarie were guiltless and really loved me, which I must at least doubt, I could not get over it. You are right - we must leave. If the gentlemen testify to what Schlieben told you, I can't help it. A quick cut is then the best thing." Magnus looked fixedly before him. He wondered what he would have done in his brother's place, whether he would have possessed the strength to break away from Rosemarie. And he told himself that if she had loved him, he would have held her to his heart against a whole world. But Fred was of a different disposition. "I will retire to my room now, Magnus, for I do not wish to meet the Salten ladies again. You will pick me up, please, when you go to the bar to meet with Schlieben and the other gentlemen." Magnus nodded. "It's all right, Fred. I'll return to the hall for a while longer to avoid a fuss. See you later!"