Professor Carl Schneider took his feet off the desk and rose in the same motion, nearly losing his balance when he slipped one foot onto one of the numerous piles of magazines and files on the floor. A clear sign of his agitation, having previously presented himself as a paragon of calm and aplomb. "I assume you understand that under the circumstances I'll have to postpone the interview until another time," he said. "After all, you already have a big scoop for your report, Miss Sanders." "Oh no, it's not that simple," Betty Sanders retorted fiercely. The dark blonde journalist's eyes flashed. "Once again, I'm not leaving without having done anything. After all, you only have Mister Atkinson and me to thank for learning about this horn plate and the million-year-old message on it in the first place. For that, you should at least owe me some answers ... This scoop, as you call it, is of no use to me at all. TIME-LIFE is not a daily newspaper, but a monthly magazine. By the time our next issue comes out, others will have long since covered it." The third person in the room, Michael Atkinson, listened to the dispute in silence. He admired Betty for daring to speak like that to an important man like Professor Schneider. He himself would never have dared. He had always been of a somewhat shy disposition and did not possess enough self-confidence to stand up to such a stiflingly charismatic man as Schneider. Yet it was actually he who had caused all the commotion. Atkinson was a paleontologist working for a small research institute in Denver. During excavations in Death Valley the previous day he had discovered the back plate of a stegosaurus on which someone had carved a message addressed to him personally: MICHAEL ATKINSON: STOP BORIS CORMAN SERUM FOR DINO-LAND BETTY SANDERS T. REX HOTEL ROOM 215 PROJECT LAURIN Investigations had shown that the characters were already around one hundred and twenty million years old. This message had brought him together with the journalist, and she had summarily taken him along to her interview with Professor Schneider. "All right," Schneider relented after a few seconds. "In a way, of course, you're right. Nevertheless, I have more important things to attend to first. But I'll make you a compromise proposal. You wait for me here, and I'll come back in a few minutes and be available for the interview afterwards. However, you and Mr. Atkinson will also have to answer a few more questions. Agreed?" Betty and Michael nodded. They looked after the professor as he hurried out of the office. Anyone who didn't know Schneider would never have guessed he was the scientific director of such a significant research project as DINO-LAND. His graying hair, which had already receded far from his forehead, was at least as long as Betty's, and just like her, he wore it tied back in a ponytail at the nape of his neck. Unlike hers, however, it did not look fashionably fresh on a man of his age and position, but made him look like a relic from the hippie era. After all, Schneider was already over sixty years old, even if his vitality and charismatic charisma made him appear younger. "Now you almost spoiled the interview for me," Betty noted with an ironic wink. "I guess I shouldn't have taken you after all." "I was pretty nervous," Atkinson admitted, brushing a lock of his shoulder-length, light blond hair out of his forehead with his hand. He was just like Betty in his early thirties; a slender man, somewhat inclined to slackness. "Despite the analysis from our office, Schneider's people could have come up with a different age finding, after all. Then we both would have looked pretty stupid." "But not for long. I would have killed you on the spot," Betty explained jokingly. "That other man who was talking to him when we arrived," Michael changed the subject. "Who was that?" "Professor Sondstrup?" Betty shrugged her shoulders with obvious discomfort. "I met him a few years ago," she replied evasively. "Unfortunately, I don't have too pleasant memories of that encounter. Actually, it's not Sondstrup's fault, but he was the head of a project at the time that got out of hand." She hesitated briefly, then added, "A colleague who was ... very close to me was killed in the process." "I'm sorry to hear that," Michael replied. From his first encounter with Betty, he had noticed that she had been through a lot in her life. There was a pain in her eyes that never quite went away. Part of this might have been due to her profession, which inevitably often confronted her with death and misery, but there had to be something else, a loss deeply rooted in her that she had never gotten over. "Did you love him?" Betty nodded. "Yes," she murmured. "Yes, I suppose I did, although I didn't realize it until it was too late. But I don't want to talk about it." "Of course, I understand," Michael replied sympathetically. He stood up and gave the computer on Schneider's desk a cursory glance. To his surprise, it was an old-fashioned 486. Michael had expected to find only the most modern and fastest computers in a research station like this one. As he sat down again, he watched Betty pick up some computer printouts from a pile of papers on the floor, but there were only incomprehensible columns of numbers and letters on them, so she put the sheets back with a shrug. It was almost ten minutes before the professor returned and took his seat behind the desk again. His face was shining, a few frantic red spots had spread across his cheeks. "It seems you have really rendered us invaluable service with your find," he turned to Michael. "But a number of questions have also arisen that you may be able to provide us with important clues to answer." "Just a moment," Betty interjected. "Listen, professor. You got the record from us. Now, first of all, it's your turn to meet me halfway. I'd be interested to know what the consequences are of this find." Schneider sighed, then nodded. "I guess you're right. All right, then I'll answer a few questions first, you're entitled to that. As far as the consequences are concerned, we must now assume that the areas of land affected by the time field were not destroyed, but actually transported into the past. And that the people affected by it have survived the journey unharmed." The mere thought of this made Betty shudder. She tried to imagine what it must have been like to be hurled by some unknown force into a primeval time so extremely hostile to human life. It really had to be like a trip to hell, to a world where death could lurk anywhere and at any second. She was not even sure if death in a case like this would not be a mercy she would prefer to such a life.