 She went to her room. There she rang for her servant. When she appeared, she said in an unnaturally calm voice: "I don't feel well and would like to go to bed. Let no one disturb me. I hope a long rest will do me good. You need not wake me before tomorrow morning, if I can sleep. Tell the Count that he will not see me again until tomorrow morning. Wake Henriette. Tell her to dress Comtesse Gilda when she has had a good night's sleep. Fräulein von Ronach has taken leave of absence from me - I think she has gone over to Dalheim and will not be back before dinner. Tell the Count that, too, but only if he asks for Fräulein von Ronach." The servant left, thinking to herself that the Countess must be seriously ill. She looked pitifully miserable and seemed barely able to hold herself up. When Beate was alone, she locked the room. Then she stepped up to her desk. From the neckline of her dress she picked up a silver chain. A small key hung from it. With it she opened a small bronze box, which she took out of her desk. There were jewelry items in it, and among these she took out a small box. When she opened it, a tiny crystal vial appeared embedded in absorbent cotton. It contained very little of a liquid almost as bright as water. She set the vial down on the desk in front of her. "Enough to kill a dozen people - more than enough for me." And then she sank, as if powerless, into the armchair in front of the desk. She hastily grabbed the quill and began to write, quickly and fluently, without putting down. And when she had finished, she poured the contents of the vial into a glass of water. With a trembling hand she grasped the photograph of Count Harro and looked down at it with an indescribable expression. She raised her hand with the glass and drank it empty in one go. "I love you, Harro - I love you namelessly, Harro - Harro! Do you hear her calling - the blonde witch - Harro!" She staggered up, clutching the image tightly to her chest. Again she listened out. A horror came into her eyes. "Harro! Harro! Save her, save her - I can take no more. - Father in heaven - forgive us our trespasses." She tried to get to the door, in too-late remorse, but she didn't get that far. With a groan she sank dead to the floor. The picture of Count Harro she held tightly in her hand. This did not detach from it even in death.