A good hour passed before the door was opened again. This time it was General Pounder, accompanied by no less than two military policemen, who entered the cell wing. "What a distinguished visitor," Betty scoffed, although she knew it would be better to keep her mouth shut and not irritate Pounder any further. He looked as if his mood was not a bit better than the Schneiders' earlier, but unlike the professor's resentment, Pounder's anger was directed at them both. "You'll run out of laughs," he asserted. "I could charge you with betraying state secrets, you realize that, I hope?" "That's nonsense," Betty objected impassively. "Michael happened to discover a horn plate millions of years old. He could tell whoever he wanted about that. The thing didn't concern national security until after you declared it to be so." "It has the name of a secret military project on it," Pounder reminded. "But what happened, happened. I just wish you would have been a little more cooperative. Did you, of all people, have to see to it that the news of the find was trumpeted directly to the world via television?" He looked almost exasperated and made a resigned gesture with his hand. "You may not have been able to know it, but let me tell you that you have done your country a very disservice by doing so." "In my opinion, the public would have had a right to know what happened to the missing people anyway, especially their relatives," Betty objected. "I don't see how such information could threaten national security, but it's probably classified, too. Now are you going to hold us any longer, or are you going to let us go?" "If it were up to me, you'd stew here for a few more days," Pounder countered. He gave one of his escorts a wave, whereupon he unlocked the cell door. "But unfortunately, I don't have the legal authority to hold you much longer. After all, the information you might reveal has now unfortunately become public." "Then thank you very much for your hospitality," Betty said wryly as she left the cell with Michael. "The bone plate with the message remains confiscated, however," Pounder continued. "Also, you are banned from this military base." "We weren't planning on coming back here so soon anyway," Michael replied. "By the way - if you already care so much about the plate, you should finally learn that it's made of horn, not bone."