Aruula scurried through the alleys as inconspicuously as possible. She was dripping wet and, with her different clothes, far too conspicuous for what she was about to do. So she kept an eye out for a suitable store or another possibility to camouflage herself better. Off the main street, she finally found what she was looking for. In a small front yard, laundry hung on the line. She climbed over the fence, grabbed a plain blue linen dress and hastily pulled it over her head. With it she chose a loose cloak, threw it over her shoulders and pulled it together in the front. No one was to discover that she was carrying her sword. A headscarf completed the ensemble. It would keep prying eyes away and hide her face from those who knew her as Maddrax's companion. The falling night also played into her cards. For many of the streetlights had already gone out due to the ominous shock waves in the atmosphere. Scattered people were walking in the streets. Pure panic could be read on their faces. One of the large transmission screens had apparently caught fire from the shock waves and was hanging half broken from its anchorage from one of the house walls. Sparks rained down in small showers and burned into the canopy of one of the stores. Elsewhere, the chaos had already claimed victims. Aruula shuddered as she saw a charred corpse lying under one of the lanterns, eyes wide and bulging, one hand fused to the lamppost. Another wave rushed in and through the city to the east as Aruula walked past the Colosseum. She felt the nausea growing stronger with each of the energy discharges. She was just trying to take a slightly bent-over breath when she heard a crackling and whirring above her. Just in time, she looked up, leapt to the side, and dodged the guard drone that dropped like a stone from the sky. She had to get back to the palace while this chaos lasted. With any luck, Maddrax would still be there, so terribly motionless and as if knocked out. If that headdress was to blame for him being under a spell, then she would rip that damn thing off his head. Wudan, help me!" she thought intensely. Only a few hundred more meters and she would be able to see the palace in front of her.