 The accident was certainly caused by Leonie being nervous. Or felt guilty. Instead of reacting intelligently and taking a cab to Harburg to pick up her sister, she rushed into her car and first got mercilessly lost in the city, which was actually foreign to her. Harburg was just outside Hamburg, so during the day it was no problem. But the darkness, the rain, the storm, the slippery streets - and then the feeling that Paul would be arriving with his guests in an hour and a half ... But first she had to find Alessandra, who was indeed standing at a crossroads, waving. Alessandra's beauty had suffered. Her skin had the Côte d'Azur complexion, but her blond hair was wet and disheveled, tears or rain had smudged the eye makeup. "Finally," she hissed, getting into the car. "Are you coming from Berlin or from the Elbchaussee?""I'm sorry, I got lost." "But you know how to get to the Hotel Atlantic now, don't you?" "Well... of course. How are you?" Alessandra rummaged in her coat pocket for a pack of cigarettes and her lighter. She took a deep drag and looked out the window. "How do you think I'm doing? It's raining here, and by the way, I married the wrong man and the wrong fortune. How is one supposed to feel?" she repeated, blowing out the smoke angrily. The wrong man? Leonie felt herself blushing. "And which one would be the right one?" "One who wouldn't mind spending a few hundred thousand more or less." She glanced at Leonie from the side. "If you wait a little longer, you'll get your Julien back. Frugal as you are, you'd be fabulous together now ... You're not saying anything! Or don't you take second-hand men? You'd have to build him up again first, of course. A little admiration, it would do Julien good." Leonie rolled down the window. She didn't like the smoke. "And why don't you give him that little bit of admiration?" "Because there's nothing to admire. The fortune isn't as great as I thought, the castle is drafty, Julien's parents are downright moronic in their admiration for this handsome son, the lavender fields and their sweet scent can be stolen from me, I'm bored out of my mind-what do you think there is left of the glittering wedding and all the promises?" "A man and a woman," Leonie stated. "A couple till death do them part." "We'll be parted by something else soon! If I hadn't jumped out of the car so fast earlier and taken my bag with me, I'd be at the airport now and in Martinique tomorrow. My friends are all there and ..." "So Julien didn't throw you out of the car, you ran away from him?" "And where would there be any fucking difference?" Furious, Alessandra stubbed out her cigarette in the ashtray. "But of course! I forgot that the lady might still love Julien." "Alessandra, I beg you!" "What is there to ask? Today I would let you have him. It should have made me think at once how easy it was to take Julien away from you. After all, an intelligent man would have seen through my game." In the meantime Leonie had arrived at the outer Alster and was already driving towards the Hotel "Atlantic". She breathed a sigh of relief. She could no longer bear her sister and her insidious side-swipes. And then the smoke! She scolded herself a coward for not telling Alessandra that she was expecting a child. But maybe Alessandra would have puffed in her face all the more if she had. Besides, she was reluctant to speak of her child to someone who was so full of hate at the moment. "Do you want me to come in with you?" she therefore asked only as they pulled up in front of the hotel. "No, thank you." Alessandra got out of the car and bent down once more. "Thank you, little one. Maybe I'll get back to you tomorrow. But for now, I want to take a hot bath and have a glass of champagne on the scare. Julien will be here around ten, if you want to wait for him in the bar ..." "No, thanks." Leonie waved it off. "We have guests today. Good night."