And when she had already given up all hope and only mechanically gave her knock, all at once she heard a soft knocking, exactly at her own pace. It was the first sound that penetrated her prison. "Harro!" she cried, as if revived, as if she knew that from him came this first comforting sign. She gave sign after sign and always answered at the same pace. Oh, how comforting was this faint sound that penetrated her dreadful dungeon. If only, for God's sake, it did not fall silent again, if the burdensome silence did not return. Again she had uttered a loud cry for help - there - Father in heaven - did her senses deceive her - there she heard a loud man's voice - very close to her? Wasn't that Harro's voice? She cried out, cheered, exulted - the one name that lived in her soul. "Harro! Harro!" And there came her answer - from above - from the Countess's room: "Griseldis! Griseldis! Where are you?" She first took another deep breath. Then she called out loudly: "Harro? Are you in Countess Alice's dying room?" "Yes, my darling!" "Do you see on the wall above the bedside cabinet three round mother-of-pearl leaves?" "Yes!" "Press firmly on the lowest one very firmly!" Harro, trembling with fear and excitement for Griseldis, did as he was told. And there, to his amazement, the closet door opened. Griseldis whooped and shone her flashlight. She held out both arms to her beloved. He looked down at her through the closet door as through a window. She saw his distraught, pale countenance above her. Trembling, he grasped her hands. "Are you unhurt, Griseldis?" "Yes, thank God!" "But how did you get into that narrow, dark hole I had no idea of? Did you fall?" "No - not fallen! How I got caught here, you shall hear later. - Now first deliver me I want to get out - I ..." She suddenly sank down powerlessly. "Griseldis! Griseldis! How can I redeem thee? Until I break through the walls here, it will take me too long!" "Go to the tower room on the second floor. There's the tapestry in the dolphin frame. About a meter from the floor, on the right side of the frame, is one of the dolphin's bodies marked with a black cross. You have to press this dolphin firmly into the wall, as you did above with the mother-of-pearl button. Then a door will pop open that I can't open from the inside. But please - hurry up - I'm at the end of my rope. Don't let Beate near me - she wants to kill me." "My poor child! Be quiet I will protect you. And in a moment you'll be free, I'm coming. Nor shall you be alone until I deliver you." He turned, "Grollmann, come here. I'll never forget that you led me here. Stand here as a guard, my good Grollmann, and let no man approach here. I close the door behind me as a precaution when I go out. And that you know it, my old man, Fräulein von Ronach is my bride. A similar crime should be committed against her as against my late wife, it seems to me. Take courage, my Griseldis! Grollmann stays here until I am with you!" Harro hurried out. He called the servants together downstairs. They had to come with all kinds of tools, because the door to the tower had to be broken open. The lock of the tower was not easy to open. It was good old work. Finally the door burst open. The Count rushed up the stairs, wrenched open the door to the room, and stepped to the frame of the tapestry. With one of the lanterns he illuminated the frame at the described place. And he soon found the little black cross on the dolphin's body. Firmly he pressed it into the wall. Just then the door burst open. He yanked it fully wide open and saw Griseldis slumped at his feet. "She has fainted, Count!" shouted Grollmann to him from above. Harro lifted Griseldis up. In his arms he carried her out into the open, past his dismayed people. He felt the best medicine now was fresh air and then a good camp for her. Out in the open air she also came quickly to herself and opened her eyes - her dear, clear sunny eyes that had given light and warmth to his life. "Darling - O thou my beloved heart - have I thee again? God be praised!" he groaned, pressing her tightly to his beating heart. She nestled against him, smiling blissfully, like a weary child. "Ah, now all is well - all is well - but do not let Beate come near me I am afraid of her." "She shall pay for what she has done to you." Her senses were fading again.