Duke Brian was the only descendant of a family that used to have many children. And he too hoped in vain for several children. At the birth of his son Patrick Lionel, his wife Mary had hovered between life and death. Duke Brian loved his wife too much to expose her to this danger again. Now young Duke Patrick was twenty-two years old. His parents could be justly proud of him. He was a true Young, tall, slender, brunette with gray eyes, an excellent horseman, and rooted to his home. He wanted to replace his father on the Windhome estate as soon as possible. That's why Patrick studied agriculture. That he had to do so in Dublin was a downer for the happy family. Patrick waited as eagerly for the semester break as his parents. The young Duke was especially attached to his mother. He liked to confide in her. Even if he had lost his heart to a girl. But that usually did not last long. He had not yet met a girl whom he could imagine as a wife for a lifetime. When his mother then reproached him for being too demanding, he laughed, hugged her and said, "There must be a second edition of you somewhere in the world, Mother. Only when I find that woman will I marry. She must be like you, and I will love her as much as father loves you." Duchess Mary smiled mostly at these effusive words, but in her deepest heart she was worried about Patrick. She feared she would not be able to be his confidante much longer. From week to week she bore heavier from an old heart ailment, always appeased by the art of doctors. She strove not to let her husband and son notice. But while Patrick was deceived because he was only ever at Windhome for a short time, Duke Brian knew how his wife was. When he saw how difficult it was becoming for her to preside over the large household, he suggested hiring a housekeeper. Duchess Mary breathed a sigh of relief. She had not dared to make this suggestion lest she show how weak she felt. Acquaintances were helpful to her in finding a suitable person. Duchess Mary's choice fell on forty-eight-year-old Alice Murray. She was from the west coast of Ireland, was a widow, and had a twenty-seven-year-old son. His name was Robert. Alice Murray said she had not had the means to let her son study after her husband's death. Although that had been his wish. He worked as a tennis coach and stayed in the seaside resorts on the south coast during most of the year. Alice Murray was a woman of austere beauty. She almost always wore long dark dresses, high necked and tight waisted. As a result, her good figure could not be overlooked. Anyone who saw Duchess Mary and the housekeeper Alice Murray next to each other was immediately struck by the contrasts between these two women. Duchess Mary was still beautiful despite her illness, but she always seemed somewhat unworldly and lacking in independence. Alice Murray, on the other hand, had both feet on the ground. She knew how to assert herself immediately, even at Windhome. Whereas Duchess Mary had often had trouble with the staff because of her overindulgence, the lady of the house energetically ensured unconditional obedience. Duke Brian, who usually returned to the castle overworked from his work on the estate, found it pleasant that he no longer had to intervene here. A strange change was taking place in him. For twenty-three years he had ruled, relieved his wife of all her worries, and spoiled her. Now he gladly ceded his authority to Alice Murray. She was also increasingly taking over the role of his wife. What Duchess Mary's weakened condition had already caused her trouble, the lady of the house took care of quite incidentally. But she knew how to put her services in perspective. Very skillfully, she challenged the duke again and again to pay her compliments. And she gave an emphatic impression of being young, healthy and full of life as soon as she was alone with him. As a result, Duchess Mary's exhausted state became more and more conspicuous. She often felt set back when her husband made plans in her presence and let the lady of the house take part in them, as if it were she who shared life with him. But never a word of complaint passed Mary's lips. Instead, rumors began to circulate in the castle that the duke was completely under the influence of the lady of the house, and that she was increasingly supplanting his wife. This opinion leaked out behind closed doors. Soon everyone was trying to get what they wanted from the duke through the lady of the house.