Stella had been walking for about an hour when she flinched in fright. A dog was rushing past her. He had suddenly shot out of the darkness of the night like an arrow. Just as she was about to recover from her fright, the dog came sprinting back. He stopped abruptly in front of her. Then he jumped up at her. He howled and howled so loudly that Stella felt quite eerie. Only then did she recognize him. "Fluffy! Fluffy!" she called continuously to calm the dog. She patted him. "Where did you think you were going?" Again the shepherd dog yelped loudly. "You weren't going to me, were you?" asked Stella in anxious anticipation. "If only you could understand me. Did something happen, Fluffy? Did Patrick send you?" Hearing the name Patrick, Fluffy sat down and struck up loudly. In a moment he was tugging Stella by the hem of her dress. "Yeah, I'm coming with you, Fluffy." As Stella took the first steps, the dog ran ahead. But he kept stopping and waiting for her. As soon as she caught up with him, he began to wail anew. The closer they got to the sheep pen, the more anxious Stella became. She hardly doubted that Fluffy had wanted to run all the way to her in the little house by the river. The moon was in the sky, and the whole landscape was shrouded in an almost ghostly light. Stella could already make out the pen. And the shepherd's cart, too. It seemed strange to her that Fluffy was not running ahead now. He stayed close to her side, as if he needed her closeness. Stella's hand rested on his curly coat. Suddenly the dog stopped, raised his head and looked at her accusingly, then sat down, stretched his neck and began to howl so piteously that it could be heard for miles around. And now Stella saw why he was doing it. Just a few steps away from her, a dog lay sprawled on the ground. It was Lucy, Patrick's other shepherd dog. He was dead and already felt stiff. Horrified, Stella kept walking. She could not bear the sight of the dead dog, and she was in terrible fear for Patrick. No light was burning in the shepherd's car. Was Patrick already asleep? So soundly that he had not heard what had happened here? Surely Lucy must have been killed by someone. And why had Fluffy gone all the way to see her instead of waking Patrick? Stella climbed the stairs of the shepherd's hutch and opened the door. It was never locked. "Patrick," Stella called, holding onto the door frame. She got no answer. Now she saw Patrick lying on the cot. Moonlight fell on him through the small window of the car. He did not move. She tripped over a rough blanket on the floor that must have slipped off the cot. Stella bent over Patrick. His eyes were closed, but he was breathing. Her hand stroked his head, but immediately jerked back. Her fingers had become sticky. Blood! "Patrick!" Stella threw herself over the man she loved. Her eyes blinded with tears, she shook him by the shoulders. Patrick moaned, but it was impossible to tell if he sensed she was with him. It took Stella a few minutes before she could think clearly again. Patrick must have been mugged. Maybe the shepherd dog Lucy had tried to assist him and that was why he had been killed. She stood up. "Stay with your master, Fluffy, I have to get help." Fluffy seemed to understand her, he lay down in front of the cot. Stella ran back out into the night. She didn't have far to go to the nearest houses. Almost the whole distance she covered at a run and arrived exhausted at one of the first houses. She pounded on the window until a man opened the front door. Breathless, she told him what had happened and asked him to send a doctor to the shepherd's wagon. Then she ran back again. When she stepped up to the cot, Fluffy stood up and made room for her. Tenderly, Stella stroked Patrick's cheeks and kept saying, "It's going to be all right, Patrick, I'm right here with you."