After tea, Harro walked with Griseldis and Gilda around the castle to the round tower. It was overgrown with broom bushes all around, and only the narrow entrance gate was open. "Can't you enter the tower from the castle without having to go outside?" asked Griseldis. "Even though the tower is attached directly to the castle, it lacks any connection with the castle. The round tower is completely isolated." Griseldis thought of how in her dream she had effortlessly passed through the thick walls into the Countess's bedroom beyond. And she had to think of her secret closet. "Perhaps the builder of the tower did provide for a connecting door when he built it. Perhaps a hidden door exists of which you have no idea?" she said, controlling her secret excitement. "Oh, you are so eager to clothe my good old Treuenfels with mysterious magic." "Well, you find such things in all old castles, don't you?" "You are persistent, Fräulein von Ronach. But here we are at the tower. Now please wait a few minutes with Gilda. I want to go up first and let in the light and, above all, see if you can pass without danger." With that, he pulled the key out of his pocket. "Look at the key - it doesn't look romantic at all." "But he has a peculiar beard. Look, Count - there's a heart shape cut right out of it. You don't find keys like that now. But it must have been well kept, because there's not a trace of rust on it." She wiped the key's beard with her handkerchief, and it didn't leave the slightest smudge. Count Harro pushed the key into the lock. He thought he would have to use a lot of force; even if the well-kept key was not rusty, the lock, exposed to the rigors of the weather, had to be rusty and would be difficult to open. But to his amazement, the key turned easily and effortlessly in the lock. The count made a remark about it, and Griseldis looked at the door lock with an inquiring eye. Easily and silently, the door also turned on its hinges. When Count Harro had disappeared into the tower, Griseldis quickly pulled the key out of the lock again and wiped the key bit once more with her handkerchief. And lo and behold - the key now left traces of oil on the white cloth. The lock must have been richly oiled not so long ago. And yet this door should not have been opened for years? In the meantime, Count Harro had climbed the first flight of stairs and now opened a wooden shutter at the top. "It is not as bad as I thought. The air is bearable and the dust layer is not as thick as I had assumed!" he called down. Then he disappeared and continued to climb. He also opened a window on the second and third floors, and then after a while he came back. "So, the ascent can begin, Fräulein von Ronach. Only the second staircase requires a little caution on the three lowest steps. Please go ahead. I have made light on the stairs, Gilda I lead myself." Slowly Griseldis climbed the somewhat steep and narrow stairs. They were stone steps on which a very fine layer of green moss had grown. Twenty steps led up to the second floor. There was a small, semicircular landing from which an open window led to the outside and a door to the lowest tower room. The door was closed. The landing was covered with wood. The wood was painted with oil paint, and a light layer of dust lay over it. But Griseldis noticed that a narrow strip ran from the stairs to the door. It looked as if it had been wiped over with a broom some time ago. Or as if the train of a woman's dress had been brushed over it, Griseldis thought, and looked inquiringly at this stripe. At last Griseldis was at the top of the balcony, looking over the breastwork into the blossoming, green country in the bright gleam of the sun. "O how beautiful, how beautiful! Doesn't your heart go out to you, Count, when you look down there and say to yourself: all the beautiful things I see are my property?" "I love my homeland, my property, but I would give it up willingly if I could buy back my honest, blameless name with it." "But then you would be poor." "Poor - but free and happy, and able to master my destiny. After all, this hits me so hard that I can do nothing, nothing at all, to make my fate kinder. And yet I am still young - and have a heart in my breast filled with longing for happiness." This burst like a groan from his breast. He looked at her as she suddenly became very pale and trembled quietly with excitement. She didn't know if her senses were deceiving her, and only looked stunned into his eyes. And from those eyes shone a hot, yearning agony, a strong, intimate desire. She suddenly knew that she was loved as she herself loved. She saw in his eyes that his lonely, unhappy soul had taken refuge in her. And she trembled under this certainty, which caused joy and yet at the same time deep sorrow in her. For between Count Harro Treuenfels, the rich owner of this blessed county, and the poor, simple governess of his daughter, there was a deep gulf which probably could not be bridged. And yet she might have rejoiced and exulted. He loves me - he loves me! She closed her eyes for a moment and leaned against the breast-rail, pale and bewildered. And he looked at her with a painful burning gaze. He felt that at that moment she had guessed the secret of his soul. Ten years of his life he would have willingly given away if he had been allowed to take her in his arms. Just to say something, Griseldis called out, "I want to come up here every day when the weather is fine." "You can do that, Fräulein von Ronach. I'll have the steps bricked up first thing in the morning, and then I'll give the key into your hands." Griseldis thanked him. And it was very dear to her that she should receive the key. She felt as if this tower must hold a secret which she must fathom at any cost. Her dream seemed to her to gain more and more importance. First she had visited the room on the third floor, now they entered the second floor. Griseldis looked around attentively in this room. It had, according to the construction of the tower, a semicircular shape; the space for the stairs completed the circular outline of the tower. Over there, beyond this room, is my bedroom, Griseldis thought, paying attention mainly to the wall that bordered the castle. In the place of the wall, where over there in her bedroom her bed must have been, here hung a beautiful old carpet. Next to this carpet, so wall to wall with her bedside cabinet, was a tall mirror, which had a wide gold frame. And this gold frame - Griseldis' heartbeat faltered - showed the same original dolphin pattern as over there the frame of the picture that formed the door to the closet. If her calculation was correct, behind this mirror lay the cavity that was under her closet, as she had determined by tapping on the closet floor. In any case, she resolved to examine the mirror frame closely the next time she was alone here in the tower. Now she went down to the second floor. Even more attentively than upstairs, Griseldis looked around this tower room. Wall to wall with this room, perhaps a little higher than this one, must have been Countess Alice's bedroom, where she had met such a sudden death. Griseldis' heart beat uneasily when she caught sight of an embroidered tapestry down here, where the mirror had been placed above, reaching from the floor almost to the ceiling, and strangely set in a wide gold frame that also showed the dolphin pattern. Griseldis looked at it all very carefully, but what combination she attached to it no one could see from her face. When they returned to the castle, Harro asked with a smile, "Well, how are you satisfied with this trip to the land of romance?" "I am very pleased, Count. And I am very pleased that you want to entrust me with the key to the tower. I shall spend a great many of my free hours in it." They entered the castle hall, not seeing that hidden behind one of the thick columns, Comtesse Beate was standing in the half-light of the hall, looking at them with eerie flickering eyes. On the stairs, Count Harro said goodbye to Griseldis and Gilda.