How long had it been since he had last been to his hometown? Seven years, seven long years. And if a handball game of his youth group hadn't brought him here, he certainly wouldn't have come either. Slowly, he drove down the street. Up ahead was his parents' toy store. In the meantime, it had been modernized and also enlarged, he noticed as he drove by. It was now called "Phillips Toy Paradise." Just then, a couple with a small child came out of the front door. Theo Phillips stung when he recognized his brother. The woman and child seemed to belong to him, as affectionate as they were with each other. Theo swallowed. So Carsten was married, had a family. The little girl skipping along the sidewalk holding her parents' hand was too cute. His niece ... Theo's heart grew wide at the thought. But then his expression hardened again. No, he would never meet his sister-in-law - if she was - or his niece. His family had disowned him, and he had no intention of forgiving them. Theo pushed his leather hat down his neck and drove on. The sight of his brother, fleeting as it had been, had shaken him up quite a bit. I wonder if he should check in with him after all? And with the parents? They seemed to be doing well. At least he hadn't read anything to the contrary on the toy store's website. Mother and father continued to run the store, Carsten was the junior manager. Forgive them and get back in touch, urged an inner voice. You basically want to. Why else do you go to their website so often? And why did you just drive through that street? Theo suppressed the voice and drove faster. At the moment, he didn't want to dwell on it. The handball game had been the only reason he had come here. Tonight he would be going home again. Besides, it wouldn't be enough for him to forgive his parents. They had been the ones to kick him out of the house because they wouldn't forgive him. From his point of view, there was nothing to forgive. What had he done wrong? Even a drug-addicted girlfriend would not have been a reason to go so far as to break away from him, the son. And that was just for the sake of reputation! Theo was so lost in his thoughts that he was not aware of where he was going. Only when he noticed the long wall did he know that he was at the cemetery - the cemetery where Anna was buried. Over there was also the cemetery café. How often he had sat here after his visits to Anna's grave. Until he had decided to go to India.