As if on cue, the phone rang at that moment. Instinctively, Michael wanted to reach for the receiver, but pulled his arm back just in time. After the fourth ring, the answering machine switched on. From the tape, Boris Corman announced that he was not there, but the caller could leave a message of any length. "Get back to me, Corman," an unfamiliar male voice poured from the machine's speaker. "I should call you back." There was silence for a moment, then the unknown man continued, "All right, listen. I don't know why you're suddenly in such a hurry, but I got the information we need. The next time earthquake is just before ten o'clock tonight, and it's a few miles southeast of Beatty. So if you are so keen to witness it, you should get your butt over to my place as soon as possible. I'll be expecting you at my house." A click indicated the stranger had hung up. The answering machine shut off. "So that's it." Michael smiled with relief. "Corman just wants to go to DINO-LAND to see one of the time quakes." "Simple, huh?" Betty got up from her chair, paced the room a few times, and finally stopped in front of the paleontologist. "What's the matter with you, anyway? Since we've been here, fear seems to have completely clouded your brain. If he wants to go to DINO-LAND, then at most it's to kidnap a few more dinosaurs after his test animals are dead. But then what about this canister he's carrying around? And why is it so important for him to know when and where the next timequake will occur?" Michael didn't answer right away. He wasn't sure if he should be offended by her harsh accusations, but then wrestled his childish defiance down. Even if he wasn't aware of having given her a reason to be so harsh with him, she was right in principle. Afraid of getting caught here, he really was acting like a fool. "Maybe it's a stun gas he's using to keep the dinosaurs off his back. And him knowing about the next quake so he doesn't get caught in it," he speculated. "Could be," Betty admitted, "but guessing around won't do us any good. The half hour isn't up yet, but you should still call your friend right now. Maybe he's already found out something. If Corman really is headed for DINO-LAND, time's getting pretty darn short, because I don't quite believe he's just going there to capture some new experimental animals." Michael dialed Gardner's number again. No sooner had he given his name than Steve started talking away. "Mike, tell me what this is all about now! You can't tell me anymore that you're just doing normal digging. Over the course of the last few minutes, I've come close to calling the police a couple of times. What have you gotten yourself into?" "First tell me what the formula is all about," Michael demanded. "After that, I'll tell you everything else." "All right." Steve took a deep breath. "You weren't that wrong about your chemical warfare agent. At least there are some ingredients in it that go in that direction. It would probably take weeks to decipher the whole formula. In the short time I've had, I've only been able to identify a few molecular groups and compounds, but they're brilliantly put together." "Steve, your enthusiasm in all honor, but I really only need very rough information on what this stuff could be used for," Michael put the brakes on his friend's flow of words. The mention of a chemical warfare agent had startled him; when he had spoken of it himself during the previous phone call, it had only been in jest. "All right. The serum that comes out in the formula, when combined with oxygen, turns into a gas that spreads extremely quickly. Since it is still effective even in tiny doses, a few liters of it could possibly cover an entire continent. It also has, in layman's terms, numerous barbs that allow it to cling to and contaminate even solid matter, especially water." "Contaminate?" inquired Michael in alarm. He saw that Betty was also making a worried face, but she didn't seem too surprised, as if she had secretly expected something like this. "Well, the serum contains numerous different toxins, however, they only seem to attack some specific protein compounds. I can't say which ones in detail right now, but some of them are found primarily in reptiles." Betty reached for the receiver. "So it's in dinosaurs, too?" "Yeah, sure. Who am I talking to now?" "Thank you. You've been very helpful," Betty said in lieu of a reply, and unceremoniously hung up. She had gone pale. "What's that supposed to mean?" inquired Michael, uncomprehending. "I don't understand anything anymore." "But I do," Betty groaned out. "I think I can figure out what Corman is up to now. That's how the phone call earlier makes sense, too. That maniac! He wasn't interested in the time quake to avoid the affected area on his trip to DINO-LAND; on the contrary! I suspect he wants to get into the past this way." "And what would he get out of it?" Perplexed, Michael shrugged his shoulders. "Surely no one can be so fascinated by prehistoric times that he would voluntarily banish himself there." "Fascinated?" repeated Betty. Her voice almost rolled over. "Michael, think! Corman lost his entire family to a dinosaur, and he's apparently never gotten over that loss, so he probably hates dinosaurs with an abyss. For two years he has been secretly working on developing a tremendously effective poison that only works on dinosaurs, and with it he is now on his way to DINO-LAND to be hurled back in time. Can you still not guess what he's up to there?" "My God," Michael only muttered, and also turned pale when he finally realized.