"Where did you leave your hat?" asked Lorena with a smile when Theo came to her in the room without his trademark. So far, she had never once seen him without his leather hat. "In the car. I guess you like him." Theo grinned. "Would you like me to get it?" Lorena laughed. "Yes, I like your hat. But that doesn't mean you have to go to the car and get it. Next time ..." Her expression turned slightly sheepish. "If you want to visit me again." "Of course, why not? If you can still stand my presence," he added with a grimace. "Why shouldn't I? We've been getting along quite well, haven't we?" "True. I think so, too." He joined her on the edge of the bed and regarded her with a smile. Lorena's heart literally fluttered under his gaze. She sensed that he liked her very much. But she also sensed that he had something on his mind. "I would have come sooner, but you already had a visitor," he then came out with the language. "A long-haired man went into your room just before I did and greeted you with 'Hello, Lorena,' so I didn't want to disturb you and went for coffee first. A friend of yours?" A small smile played around Lorena's lips. Didn't she hear a certain jealousy there? "Oh, that was Dr. Baumgärtner from the pediatric ward." "A doctor? With that worn-out sweater and beat-up corduroy pants?" Lorena had to laugh. "Not all doctors wear white coats these days. Siggi is so popular with the kids precisely because of his unconventional manner." "Siggi? You seem to be getting along well." "We do," Lorena explained cheerfully. "After all, we are colleagues, so to speak." She told Theo about Siggi's Punch and Judy show and that tomorrow she would be playing something with him for the children in the children's ward. "There's a lot to talk about, of course, so he looks in on me in between." "I see." Theo seemed relieved. They chatted of other things. "I'm getting laid off on Friday," Lorena noted among other things. She hoped that Theo and she would continue to stay in touch and that he would make an appropriate suggestion. "Then I'll stop by before then, if it's all right with you," was all he said. "Of course it's all right with me," Lorena assured him. "If you want to make the long drive again?" "It's not that far at all. But now I have to go, or I'll be late for my handball practice." Before Lorena knew it, Theo was already leaning over to her and pressing a kiss to her lips. "Take care, Lorena. See you." With a wave, he walked out the door. Long after he left, Lorena felt his kiss on her lips. Shiver after shiver ran down her spine at the memory of it. Had that wonderful, tender, yet so demanding kiss been a foretaste of the kisses they would exchange in the future? Later, Lorena's thoughts wandered back to Siggi Baumgärtner. Lorena liked being with him. They had exchanged experiences and ideas about puppetry, and she had also gotten to know Dr. Krug from the emergency room, the jokester on duty who often helped Siggi with Punch and Judy.