Stella broke off and peeked out. "What's wrong?" asked Patrick. "Didn't someone call out?" "I didn't hear anything, Stella. And it can't be Emily, she's probably up in the castle by now." Again Stella listened, then ran to the window. "It must have been Emily, after all. It was her voice. She was calling for me. I'm sure it was, Patrick." Stella opened the window and leaned out. Surprised, she stepped back again. "Duchess Alice is standing by the river. With a servant." "What does that mean?" Patrick stood up and came to the window. "Maybe she caught Emily on her way back. I'm sure I heard her calling. What are we going to do, Patrick? I can't see Emily anywhere." Patrick took Stella's hand. "Come on, let's go outside. We needn't be afraid of meeting the Duchess. We want to know what's going on." "She'll reproach me, and I'm sure she'll say I lured the child to me." Stella walked beside Patrick down the hall. He opened the front door. On the threshold, they both stopped. The woman on the bank turned her back on them and just nudged the servant. "So swim to her, Henry. We must get her back." "I can't swim, Madam Duchess," said the servant. "The boat is too far from the shore." Now the Duchess cried out, "Emily, come back at once! Yes, do take the oars. How could you do this to me? I'm going to ..." The wind drifted away the next words. A moment ago it had been barely perceptible, but now it blew so hard that the thin branches of the bushes and trees bent. The Duchess stumbled back from the riverbank. She pressed both hands to her head and looked around with a mad look. "The wind is coming up!" she cried. "Jump into the river, Henry, even if you can't swim. Jump, I command you." Stella and Patrick realized that Emily must be in a boat on the river. They ran out of the house. For a moment they faced the Duchess, who had staggered toward them with her head bent forward. When she looked at them, her eyes widened and she jumped to the side and stared at Patrick. "No!" she groaned out. Her hands reached out defensively, then she held onto a tree trunk for help. Stella and Patrick paid no attention to her agitation. They ran to the shore. There the servant had already gone into the water up to his hips. Full of mortal fear, he looked at the young couple. "I'm going to drown." "Emily!" cried Stella. A boat was floating in the middle of the river. Emily was sitting in it. "We came down from the castle," said the servant. "That's when she turned around and ran away from us. She must have been hiding in the boat. The wind blew it off. All of a sudden it was in the middle of the river." Suddenly Duchess Alice was standing on the bank again. She was trembling with excitement, but she did not glance at Patrick, but reached out and nudged the servant. "What are you telling them long stories for, get the child back already." The servant took the next step into the river. This time he found no ground under his feet, he rowed his arms desperately. Patrick pushed Duchess Alice aside and pulled the man out of the water. At that minute Stella screamed, "No, Emily, don't get up, stay seated, please, stay seated!" Her warning was swallowed by the ever-increasing wind. The boat on the river swayed. Emily stood helplessly in it. She cried and stretched out her arms toward the shore. "Yes, I'm coming, Emily." Stella wanted to jump into the water, but Patrick held her. "You stay here. Do you hear me, Stella? You're not jumping into the river. I'm going to save Emily." He took off his jacket, slipped off his shoes, and pushed himself off the bank. At that moment, Emily tumbled out of the swaying boat. Stella pressed her hands to her mouth. She was tempted to jump into the river to help him, despite Patrick's prohibition. Now he beckoned her to stay on the bank. Suddenly the servant had disappeared. Duchess Alice leaned against a tree trunk, pale as a corpse. "This is on your conscience, only you. The child was with you. You lured it down to the river." Her voice rolled over. Stella wasn't listening to her. She was only following Patrick and little Emily, who flailed wildly, sank into the water, resurfaced. Now Patrick had reached her. Stella let herself fall into the wet sand, her legs no longer supporting her. Her shoulders shook, tears streamed down her face. Suddenly she jumped up again. "Patrick, the whirlpool!" she cried, "Quick, swim away from there." She had seen how hard Patrick was suddenly moving forward, that it kept trying to pull him under the water. He had Emily lying on his chest, clinging to his neck. When Stella saw how desperately he was struggling, even though it wasn't far to shore, she forgot about his prohibition. She jumped into the water. After a few strokes, she had reached Patrick and Emily. She grabbed Patrick by the shoulders. "You're next to the whirlpool, Patrick!" she yelled to him. Together they managed to get into the somewhat calmer water and reach the shore. Stella took the child from Patrick. She wanted to bring it into the house. Then Duchess Alice blocked her way. "Where do you want to take Emily?" "To our house." "Lady Emily belongs in the castle." Duchess Alice wanted to snatch the child from Stella's arms. "No, you're not having Emily. She needs immediate care." Stella hugged the little girl tightly. Emily was conscious, but coughing incessantly. "This is outrageous!" cried Duchess Alice, trying to follow Stella. Then Patrick held her by both upper arms as if in a trance. He looked her fixedly in the eyes. She tried to free herself, but Patrick wouldn't let go. His face was working. Fleetingly, he closed his eyes. When he opened them again, he said, "Alice Murray - Duchess Young of Windhome." Again Duchess Alice struggled for her freedom. Her face was now disfigured by fear. "No, no!" she groaned. "Yes, you can," said Patrick in a hard voice. "Now you cannot deceive me. Alice Murray and her son, Robert, the Windhome hereditary lurkers. I'm home again. You have Duke Patrick Lionel to reckon with again. And this time I will not be driven away." "You have lost your mind, you are a madman. I'm going to call the constables. Help! Help!" Duchess Alice's cries rang through the wind. "Yes, you can do that, that's very fine with me. Go up to the castle, tell Robert that I have come to clear up everything you have done wrong. Tell him that he will have to answer for all the outrages, including the two attacks. You did not succeed in having me killed in the shepherd's cart, I did not die in the silo. Now fate is no longer with you. Go!" Patrick finally released Duchess Alice. He had seen Stella standing in front of the house waving at him. The duchess took flight. Her long dress kept catching the hem on stones and roots, she stumbled, fell to her knees, picked herself up again, and finally disappeared down the path to the castle. Patrick went to Stella. He threw his arms around her. Tears were streaming down his face. His whole body was trembling. "Stella, the miracle has happened, I know who I am." "Patrick!" Stella pulled his head to her chest. For a long time she could say nothing. Then she pulled Patrick into the house. "Come with me, Emily is waiting for us. She's already recovering. I don't think we need to call a doctor." "Change your clothes first, Stella," Patrick asked. "I'll do it later."