Silence reigned in Professor Schneider's office for several seconds. Betty suppressed her musings, which were getting her nowhere at the moment. After all, she had noticed one illogical point in Schneider's explanations. "There's just one thing I don't understand," she said after a moment's thought. "DINO-LAND, after all, did not come into existence abruptly, but grew gradually. And it continues to grow slowly. So there is, after all, a constant change between the present and the past." "That's right," Schneider confirmed. "We call the phenomenon timequake. What are you getting at?" "Well, if everything that is in the affected area during such a time quake is thus flung from one time to another, why haven't any of the people returned yet? They would only have to wait at the edge of the already displaced areas. At the next ... quake, they would then be transported back to the present." Schneider shook his head slowly. "We've already thought about that, too," he explained. "As it seems, transport only works once. Any matter that has been transferred to the past or present cannot return to its origin. We've seen dinosaurs that were in a timequake get literally torn apart several times in recent years. Please consider what a sensitive entity time is. It could be a protective function which prevents time paradoxes. Maybe the matter that goes through the time stream is charged with some kind of energy that adds up when it changes again and leads to an overvoltage. But these are just theories. We know next to nothing about time yet." Betty's eyes narrowed. "Very strange for a scientist who, after all, has managed to construct something like a time machine. After all, you admitted earlier that it wasn't a natural phenomenon, but a military project." "But it was never about time," Schneider objected. "It was ... a glitch. We were working on something completely different, which I can't tell you about because of military secrecy. But the experiment got out of control, and the energies released tore the hole in time." "So there is no hope of return for the people who were transported to the prehistoric times?" summarized Betty in an occupied voice. "At least there is no possibility at present," Schneider admitted. "But by no means does that mean there is no hope. Maybe we can find a way if we do targeted research in that direction." "In plain English, they have absolutely nothing to help the victims. They're completely empty-handed," Betty said bitterly. "How many people were involved, anyway?" "It's hard to say," Schneider replied. "Several security personnel are missing, from the military as well as the police and National Guard. But we don't know if you've been transported back in time or if you've been killed by Saurians before. How many casualties there have been in Las Vegas, we can't even approximate. Despite the evacuation, people certainly stayed behind. Drunk people, sick people, old people - it was just impossible to completely clear such a huge city in such a short time." "People who, in a sense, have you on their conscience, or do you see it differently?" "Are you trying to turn this interview into an interrogation?" returned Professor Schneider sharply. "No," Betty backed down. "I hardly think I have the right to act as an accuser to you." While she felt she certainly had that right, she didn't want to antagonize Schneider. If she provoked him unnecessarily, she would achieve nothing; at most, he would break off the interview, and she didn't want to risk that. She cleared her throat. "Before I get to any more questions about DINO-LAND, I'd like to clarify something that I'm personally very interested in," she continued. "With very few exceptions, where you have even allowed certain questions, you have refused all requests for interviews in recent years, talking your way out of them by citing military and state secrets. So why were you willing to meet with me for this interview?" Professor Schneider smiled. "I expected this question much earlier, and you will be very puzzled by the answer. It was pure luck on your part, nothing personal, no favoritism to your paper. The request happened to come at just the right time. If it had been up to me, we would have gone public much earlier with all the non-classified information. There were heated discussions, and a few days ago the military high command finally relented. In the next few weeks, we will release to the public all the information that I am now entrusting to you. I hope your report will appear early enough so that others won't have to ... by then."