It wasn't until they parted for the night that Magnus said, "So, at seven o'clock we leave here." "It's all right, Magnus. You be so kind as to make all further arrangements. I am not able to do so now." "I'll see to everything, Fred. Only one thing you must do yourself." Questioningly Fred looked at him. "Do what?" "You must write a few words to Fräulein von Salten explaining your departure and setting you free." Fred stroked his forehead uncomfortably. "What am I to write to her? Surely I cannot tell her the truth! If she is really clueless to her mother, surely it would be crudeness to enlighten her." "No, of course you can't do that. From you it would hit her double, though one would wish her to see clearly as soon as possible. Only if she learned to see clearly might she be saved. But we cannot reveal to her that her mother is playing a dangerous game." "But what should I give her as a reason for breaking off my relations with her?" Magnus pondered. What was the gentlest way to notify Rosemarie? After a while, he straightened up decisively. "Just inform her that I, the head of the family, have not consented to any connection with her." Fred furrowed his brow. The situation was embarrassing as hell, after all. "While I have told her that I am my free lord, I have not concealed from her that I care much for your consent. So I will write like this. But how, if she has already told her mother that I am engaged to her? Will not Frau von Salten remind me of my promise?" "It would not be impossible. And that's why it's good if you make a hint in the letter that only her mother can understand. You could perhaps write that I made my decision after my conversation this evening with her mother." Fred nodded. "Yes, I will include something like that. Then her mother will know that we have been suspicious, and she can then tell her daughter about it as she sees fit. So anyway, I'll give your refusal as a reason." Magnus breathed a deep sigh of relief. "Rosemarie von Salten will hate me for that," he said hoarsely, "but she will get over it best that way. It will not hurt her so much if she has to suppose that a foreign will is forcing you from her side, as if she has to believe that you are breaking away from her voluntarily." The brothers now separated. And the next morning they departed. Fred Rittner had left a letter for Rosemarie. The room waiter was to carry it to her room with breakfast.