When Quart'ol finally made it to the other side of the entryway, he saw a narrow passageway to his left that apparently led to two side rooms. Quietly and cautiously, he crept toward them, hoping to find Ydiel there. To Quart'ol's relief, there were no guards at the doors; they were probably mingling in the fight. He quickly scurried into the first room, then the other, and finally found the lizardman in a comfortable single cell. A hulking human in a cowl stood with him, a bucket in one hand, a cloth in the other, with which he dabbed and washed Ydiel's wounds. Outside the cell, a soldier stood guard with one of those spears like Ydiel had used in the arena. The lizardman had his eyes closed and was impassively listening to the treatment. Perhaps because he was too exhausted. Quart'ol fervently hoped that he had not been drugged. Cautiously and crouched, he crept closer. But the guard seemed to sense him. As he spun around, Quart'ol leaped at him to avoid the spear, ramming his fist directly into the root of his nose. The soldier cried out, his eyes narrowed in pain. Immediately, the hydrite followed up. Another blow to the temple was enough and the man went down unconscious. When Quart'ol looked up, he saw that Ydiel had not been stunned, nor had he been idle. He had wrapped his arm around the neck of the man in the cowl and was squeezing, sending strained blushes down his opponent's face. He gasped and struggled helplessly in the sauroid's grip. The bucket had long since slipped from his hand and suds visibly covered the floor. "The Sskeys," Ydiel hissed, his face contorted into a grimace with effort. Quart'ol understood and searched the guard, taking the bunch of keys and unlocking the cell door. "Do you want to take this as a souvenir, or are you going to finish this now," he joked with a nod at the cowlman. The lizardman gave a snarl, lunged, and headbutted his victim, knocking the lights out of the cowl bearer. "I thought yourr had forgotten me or given up," Ydiel said. "Butrr in truth yourr are crazy." He grinned. "Let's go check on the others," Quart'ol replied with a wink and ran ahead, down the corridor, through the entrance back into the large cell wing.