The Christmas party took place on Sunday afternoon. For this purpose, the playroom on the ward had been cleared out and rows of chairs had been set up. The toy paradise Phillips had donated Santa Claus hats for all the sick children, which had been received with great jubilation. And, of course, the gingerbread house that stood next to the puppet stage was duly admired. Sister Johanna stepped up to the microphone. She welcomed all the guests, thanked the donors of the gingerbread house and Santa hats, and introduced Lorena Werding, the puppeteer. She would perform, together with Dr. Krug, a Christmas story written by Dr. Baumgärtner, who unfortunately could not attend due to family reasons. Finally, Sister Johanna announced that there would be hot chocolate afterwards and everyone was allowed to take a piece of the gingerbread house. After Sister Johanna's little speech was duly applauded, the curtain went up on the puppet stage. The play began. The puppet show with the touching Christmas story was very well received. A smile was on Andrea's face when she saw Lilly clapping especially enthusiastically. The little girl was so happy that she no longer had to lie in the isolation tent and could have fun again. Suddenly, Lilly jumped up from her chair and ran forward to the microphone. Unable to reach it, she pushed a small plastic stool in front of it and climbed up. "Stop," she demanded as the audience still clapped, waving both little hands. "I want to sing a song now. A Christmas song for Aunt Bergen, because she found me. Otherwise I would have frozen to death." And already Lilly began to belt out her favorite Christmas song Kling, Glöckchen, klingelingeling at the top of her lungs. The applause she received afterwards was almost bigger than the one the two puppeteers had received. Andrea Bergen was moved to tears. She walked up to Lilly and thanked her. "I would love to hug you and give you a kiss, but I'm not allowed to yet," she regretted. Then she went to the microphone and explained to the audience why this particular song was so fitting. "A Christmas song for Dr. Bergen," Dietmar Krug remarked as his colleague approached the table where the hot drinks were served. "That was a beautiful encore." "Yes, what a surprise! Little Lilly with her ingenuity is just too cute." Smiling, Andrea drank from her coffee. Meanwhile, Sister Irmela and Sister Johanna had broken off the first pieces of the gingerbread house and placed them on a plate, so the beginning was made. The children were then no longer shy about helping themselves. "Too bad I didn't bring my camera," Andrea regretted, "that would have made a nice souvenir picture." "I think Mrs. Normann made a video of the whole performance so that Siggi could also see our Christmas party later. I'm sure she recorded Lilly, too." Andrea turned her gaze and saw Regine Normann, Dr. Gellert's secretary, standing with Dr. Roden. In her hand she had a video camera. "That would be great," Andrea said, "I'll ask her right now." She nodded to Dietmar and walked over to Regine Normann.