The next morning, as mother and daughter sat down to breakfast on the balcony of their rooms, the room waiter brought a letter to Rosemarie with the breakfast. She blushed abruptly and looked at her mother with shining eyes. "From Fred! I'm sure he's inquiring when he may come to you, Mama," she said when the waiter had departed. Smiling, she opened the letter, and smiling, her mother watched her glowing face. But the smile died with the glow on Rosemary's cheeks as she read: Dear Madam! I am sorry to inform you that I am forced to leave at once. I had a conversation with my brother last night, immediately after he had spoken first with your mother and then with Herr von Schlieben. My brother refused to give me his consent to a connection with you for certain reasons which I cannot explain to you. I cannot close myself to these reasons and must submit to his will. By the time you receive these lines, I will have already departed with my brother. Forgive me for bringing unrest into your life! I regret very much that I am forced to consent to this separation. I commend myself to you, your very devoted Fred Rittner. Pale Rosemarie stared at these lines. The cold, dismissive words hit her like a blow to the face. She did not understand that the man who had had such hot, tender words for her, who had kissed her and held her in his arms, could write such a letter to her. Stunned, she sat there, and a tremor ran over her body. "Rosemarie, what has happened?" her mother groaned hoarsely. With a trembling hand, Rosemarie handed her the letter. "Read it yourself! I can't understand it, can't believe it," she stammered. Frau von Salten now also read the letter, and she too sat frozen. But she immediately understood what had happened. Fred's words, "Right after he had spoken first to your mother and then to Herr von Schlieben," told her everything. To Rosemarie these words had passed as incidental, but Frau von Salten realized that in these words should lie for her the explanation of this refusal. She knew now with certainty that Schlieben had warned Magnus Rittner against her, and that Magnus had refused his brother's consent because he had recognized an obscure existence in her. "Adventuress!" As if someone had shouted this word in her ears, Frau von Salten winced. And the terrible agitation at the failure of her hopes contracted a severe attack of her heart trouble.