 "Now tell me, when did you see your prince for the first time?", Alessandra challenged her sister. She had surprisingly arrived at Wallmenroth Castle a day early and unpacked her suitcases herself. She had deliberately not called for the girl, because in this way the casual situation of earlier times arose between the sisters right away: Leonie, who admired with joyful exclamations the creations that Alessandra had bought in the meantime, while she let herself be enlightened by her about the events of the last days and months. Alessandra, tanned by the sun with light hair in a new golden shine, had flinched at first at the sight of her sister. The colorless Leonie! You can see what love can do, she thought. The way Leonie stood in front of her in her dressy riding outfit, her face still slightly red from the ride, and those bright eyes, she was to be taken seriously as a competitor for the first time. "The news of your engagement to Julien de Sablemer hit us like a bomb," Alessandra began. "How did this man find his way to our castle?" Leonie just lifted up a tight black evening gown with a colorfully embroidered sequined belt. "He didn't get lost. He was visiting his aunt who lives down the mountain. A Baroness de Fornac." "And you, clever little sister, knew she was Julien's aunt, didn't you?" Leonie's eyes widened. "I? No. One day he was at the door." A smile fully transfigured her features. "I ... I just lost my breath." "I'm sure you did." "We were reading Goethe's 'Faust' at the time." "We - why we?" "The Baroness and I. That is, actually, I read to the Baroness," she corrected, this time admiring a salmon red pleated chiffon evening gown. "Oh, that's beautiful. Is that what you're going to wear to my engagement?" "What were you reading to that baroness for?" "Lord in heaven, because she can't see so well anymore, why else?" "Does that mean that you, a princess of Wallmenroth, read something here in the village to a half-blind woman who ..." "Yes. Why not?" "There are staff for that, aren't there? Readers. There's even a movie of the same name in which a female reader even experienced extremely amusing things." Leonie was hurt. "I didn't go to Madame de Fornac to experience amusing things ..." "... but to catch you a prince!" A small wrinkle appeared between Leonie's brows. "I didn't catch anyone. We saw each other, that was all. Maybe he thought I was nice - anyway, he came back." Alessandra shook out the jacket of a black Chanel costume. "And when did he reveal his love to you?" Leonie blushed. "The first time I realized he liked me was when ..." "That he brought you roses?" Leonie laughed out. "No, that he brought a book to read aloud, which I had talked about before." "And the first kiss?" Leonie blushed even more. "Is that what women talk about?" "Exclusively - and about more. I'm sure you won't tell me about your first night because you might still be in a state of innocence ... But let's not go there, little one. It's wonderful and unbelievable! I can't believe that you, who have never been bored for a second on the international stage, should have hit the jackpot. I'm dying to meet this man." "You won't have to pine for long. Julien will come and have dinner with us tonight." "How nice. Big or small evening dress?" Leonie laughed again in amusement. "No special wardrobe at all. For now, we're still a family planning a big event. Julien wants to bring his list of relatives tonight." Alessandra wrinkled her nose. "Are we having sausages and potato salad?" "There's an exquisite meal, but please don't put on your diamond tiara, also Julien just came from a business trip."