But when he entered the room, an elegantly dressed lady suddenly appeared next to him. She might be in her early forties and was still a very beautiful woman with an almost girlishly slender figure. Precious jewelry around her neck and arms, in her hair and on her hands gave her appearance something dazzling. It was Frau von Salten, Rosemary's mother. "One moment Herr Rittner!" she called to Magnus. He turned his pale face toward her. "What can I serve you with, madam?" She took a pressed breath. "Do you have a minute for me?" Magnus, though longing to be alone, immediately said obligingly, "Dispose of me, madam!" She pointed to a group of armchairs and settled down, and Magnus took a seat opposite her with a bow. Frau von Salten breathed uneasily as she now hastily blurted out, "You see me in a most embarrassing position, Herr Rittner. Funds that I was certainly expecting have failed to arrive, and I have no news as to why this has happened or when I can expect them. Unfortunately, in the expectation of these funds, I let myself be tempted to buy a particularly original piece of jewelry. I did not want to miss it at any price. So, for the moment, I spent more than I should have, and now I suddenly found myself in an embarrassing situation. You understand, as a lady one is helpless in the face of such a situation. You have all my confidence, and so I dare to ask you to lend me a few thousand marks. I will, of course, gladly place one of my jewels at your disposal as a pledge, and redeem it immediately upon the arrival of my funds." Magnus did not doubt her words for a moment. He looked at her precious jewelry, and he was convinced that her embarrassment was only momentary. The whole demeanor of Salten's ladies was apt to make all the world believe in their good, even brilliant, circumstances. He bowed artfully. "It gives me pleasure, madam, to be able to serve you. Please, do not talk about pawning one of your jewels. There is no need for that." Secretly, Frau von Salten breathed a sigh of relief, and Magnus pulled out his checkbook. "How much may I write down, madam?" Her troubled eyes took on a more even expression. For a moment she considered. Then she said quickly, "You are very kind, Mr. Rittner. So may I ask for five thousand marks? If the money is delayed a few more days, I don't want to get into another embarrassment." Magnus bowed and filled out the check, which he handed to her. "Here you are, madam." She reached for the paper. Her hand trembled softly. "Thank you very much. So, you don't want a deposit?" she asked, smiling. "Please, don't insult me, madam!" he said refusingly. She held out her hand, which he brought to his lips. "I certainly don't want to. So thank you again! I will return the trifle as soon as my money arrives." "There is no hurry, madam." Frau von Salten rose. "The concert is beginning again; I want to return to the hall. Will you come over with me?" "Please excuse me. I have an intolerable headache and would rather stay here a while longer." "Then goodbye later!" With that, Frau von Salten bowed her head.