Immediately after Gilda lay down for her afternoon nap, Griseldis went down to the library. Griseldis took from the cupboard indicated to her by Count Harro the heavy, leather-bound chronicle with the thick, yellowed leaves. She placed it on the round table that stood in the center of the room and bent over it without sitting down. She flipped through the book, cursorily skimming the pages; the records dated back to 1220. She was looking for the name of Count Hans Joachim von Treuenfels, the builder of the round tower. And after a short search she found this name. Count Hans Joachim von Treuenfels, born on October 19, 1614, died on January 13, 1678. Griseldis slowly read through what Count Hans Joachim himself had written down and finally came across the place where the construction of the tower was mentioned. It had been built to serve the alchemical and astronomical studies of Count Hans Joachim. Therefore, the tower was supposed to be completely isolated, without any connection with the castle. However, his young wife was so sad about this that it softened his heart. And he had two cleverly constructed nooks built into the thick walls, with openings over there and over there. They allowed that his young wife could not leave the castle, but through which he could have talked to her. The chronicle continues: "Many a nice kiss has also been exchanged by me with my dear wife through this wicket, although it was a difficult kiss; I had to stand on a stool and my husband could only barely see around. Meanwhile, the little slip that I want to describe ... Here the page was over. Griseldis turned the page with breathless interest. But the sentence was not finished on the other page, and there was no more talk of the round tower. Something is missing, she thought, and that is the description of the slip. She pushed the book wide apart and looked deep between the pages. And there she really discovered a trace. Here, with a fine little knife, a leaf had been cut out of the chronicle. Griseldis stared down at the book. Someone had removed the description of the slip from the book. Had it perhaps been the same hands that had dripped the poison into the Countess's wine? But that would have been an imprudence on Beate's part, one of the little mistakes made by almost all criminals. The removal of this leaf was one more proof for Griseldis that Beate was really the culprit. At that moment the door was hastily opened, and Beate entered. Griseldis was so startled that she cried out softly. "Who gave you permission to read in this chronicle?" the comtesse asked gruffly and harshly. "The Count," Griseldis replied, forcing herself to calm down with all her might. The comtesse's eyes glowed as if in madness. "The Lord Count - soso - the Lord Count? Don't you think he allows you a little much? Of course - how will he ward off tactless importunity? I suppose you are immensely interested in the history of this house? Well - this interest is a tactless intrusion on your part. The chronicle of the Counts of Treuenfels may only interest family members, and my cousin should not allow anyone to see it without my permission - because I am also a Treuenfels." With that, Countess Beate took hold of the open book. And when she realized at which place the book was opened, a horror-stricken expression appeared on her face. From this expression Griseldis took flight in abrupt fear. The comtesse also made a movement as if she wanted to hurl the heavy book at Griseldis, but the latter had already escaped. The comtesse sank powerlessly into an armchair, the heavy book fell to the ground. She stared down at it. Finally she pulled herself together. She lifted the book and locked it in the cupboard. But as she closed it, she said aloud to herself, "It's no use after all." And on her countenance was a rigid calm and an eerie determination. Since this morning she had been certain that her cousin loved Griseldis von Ronach. And the certainty turned her hatred into a deadly one that would stop at nothing.