"Aylin said Dad needs new toys at his practice," Andrea Bergen was greeted by her adopted daughter when she came home that evening. "We get to go shopping, yay!" Aylin Usta was the nice Turkish young woman who was training to be a physician's assistant in the pediatric practice of Dr. Werner Bergen, Andrea's husband. Andrea hugged her golden treasure lovingly. "And why are you so happy about that?" she asked with a wink. "Of course, because she thinks something will fall off for her, too, when you go shopping for toys," said Hilde Bergen, who had just come out of her kitchen. She, too, winked playfully at her granddaughter. "You're already too big for toys," Andrea teased the twelve-year-old. "I think so, too," Werner Bergen's mother affirmed with a grin. "Otherwise you always want to be a big girl, and when it comes to toys, all of a sudden you're a baby again." "Oh, you!" Franzi clenched her hands at her sides, an indignant gleam in her eyes. "It's not like I want baby toys, I want something for girls my age. Even adults still play." "It's okay, we just wanted to tease you a little," Andrea said placatingly. "Of course, you and I will shop for new toys for the play corner in Daddy's waiting room. Maybe on Saturday? I'm not on duty then." "Great!" Franzi fell around her mother's neck. "And I get to pick out the stuff. I know much better than you what kids like to play with." "You may. But we have to watch the price, too. We'll ask Dad how much we can spend. Where is he, anyway? Still over at the doctor's office?" "No, he's making house calls," Hilde explained. "He doesn't want us to wait for him to eat, because we may be late." "Oh, too bad." Andrea was disappointed, for she had been looking forward to a leisurely dinner with her loved ones. But patients came first, she fully understood. They waited another twenty minutes anyway, then Hilde served the meal. Andrea briefly reported on her assignments today, and Franzi chatted about school and the toys they would be shopping for on Saturday. Andrea had hoped that Werner would come home during dinner, but he did and did not. She was already beginning to worry. Impossibly, he could be away on house calls for so long. Had an emergency come up? Something had to have happened. But on his cell phone, she didn't want to call him. If he didn't call of his own accord to let her know he was going to be not only late, but very late, then he was really busy.