 Finally Rome came into view in the light of the half-filled moon. Or rather, the plant barrier that had formed around it. Matt let the glider climb higher and was about to pass over it when the sky in front of him began to glow garishly. A hemisphere of bluish pulsing light grew into the air, spreading out on all sides at breakneck speed. "The time field is collapsing!" roared Patrem, trying to break free of his bonds. "It's too late, you fool!" Matt reacted instinctively. The pilot in him took control. He tightened the controls to dodge upward. But not fast enough; the expanding field caught the ship, sweeping it along - and accelerating it in equal measure. Matt cried out in shock, hearing himself as if in an echo. His scream stretched out as the glider rode the time wave like a surfboard. Outside, the world exploded. Blue flames grew at a snail's pace into a mushroom cloud of fire. Trees, people, and entire houses were swept along and engulfed by this torrent. Matt had to watch idly as Rome disintegrated, crumbled, and reduced to ashes until nothing was left within fifty kilometers. At that moment, a jolt went through reality. As the glider, accelerated by the time field wave, emerged from it again like the surfboard catapulted into the air beyond the edge of the ocean wave. And as the board landed in the calm water, so the glider stranded in normal time to trundle - like the surfboard - from a great height toward the ground without propulsion. Matthew Drax clung to the control stick and tried with all his might to countersteer. Without propulsion a hopeless undertaking! The glider crashed in a tight spiral! The instruments were going crazy. Parts of the ship's power supply had failed, and only the emergency lighting was still working. Matt fought the rising nausea. He had flown plenty of jets in his previous life, had survived dozens of emergency landings. But this one was probably the first one caused by a collision with a collapsing time field. Nothing from the textbook could help here, so as always, he trusted his gut. Matt wrapped one arm around the control stick again while fumbling with the other hand against the might of centrifugal forces for the switch to restart the thrusters. "Come on, you old mill! Start it up!" he squeezed between clenched teeth. He pressed the button and waited for the typical sound with which the turbines began to start. But nothing happened. "Don't be like that! Come on!" In exasperation, Matt kicked the side cover of the control panel. Again and again he pressed the button. Finally! The glider responded. The nose lifted slowly at first against the airflow, then the craft jerked around and shot back skyward at an ascending angle, across the rooftops of the city toward the east. Roofs? City? Matt couldn't believe his eyes. Below them lay an unharmed Rome! What had happened? Had the time field wave pulled the glider a little way into the past and then spit it out again? Matt had no time to think about it any longer. For the electronics were going crazy. The thrust came irregularly. An emergency landing was inevitable. Hectically, Matthew Drax searched the landscape ahead for a suitable spot to bring the bird down as safely as possible; there was no question of a clean landing. The underside of the fuselage grazed the gable of a monumental temple building; fortunately, before Matt extended the landing gear, or it would probably have been demolished. Pastureland with a large herd of goats stretched out behind it. So the choice was limited to a pasture or the beech grove next to it. Even though some of the animals died in the process, Matt opted for the former. The impact was hard. Matt saw clods of earth and tufts of grass splash up as the skids dug into the ground. The seat belt pressed him into the seat. As it did, the pressure on his chest was so high he thought he was going to choke. Then another jolt that caused his head to tip forward and fall back again. A dull pain spread under the top of his skull, his vision blurred and he lost consciousness.