On foot and hand in hand, Marissa and Carsten went there. A cold wind was blowing, but it was no longer raining as it had been the last few days. Pleasant warmth hit them when they entered the Ratsstuben. The waiter led them to the table they had ordered and presented them with the menus. "How has your day been so far?" asked Carsten after they had ordered their drinks. "Extremely busy, you can imagine," Marissa replied. "But it's fun. Only there wouldn't have to be quite so much going on." Carsten nodded. "That's just the way it is in the run-up to Christmas, even though it's only November. It's going to get pretty busy for us in the next few weeks." Marissa remembered the photo Lilly had found in her grandmother's desk. After a moment's hesitation, she told Carsten about it. "It said Theo on the back. So your mother still keeps a photo of him, even though the family has broken away from him." "Which amazes me," Carsten said thoughtfully. A brief silence ensued. Marissa sensed that Carsten was preoccupied with his brother in his thoughts. "What exactly happened back then?" she asked. No one in the family had elaborated, and Marissa had not wanted to ask further. Carsten didn't answer right away, because the waiter had just arrived with the drinks. They ordered their food and then turned back to their conversation. "Theo has always been the outsider," Carsten told them. "Even as a teenager, he didn't really fit into our rather conservative family with his unconventional ways. When he moved in with a girl who had drug problems, my parents distanced themselves from him. Of course, they thought that he was also using drugs if he was already in the drug scene. I wasn't so sure about that and asked them not to jump to conclusions. But they were convinced that Theo was a bad guy and a disgrace to the family. When the girl took her own life at a drug party and the police raided the place, my parents were stove in. From then on, they wanted nothing to do with Theo." "It's a terrible story," Marissa murmured, concerned. "For my parents, of course, it was a huge shame. Theo had damaged the family's reputation and business standing enough, they accused him. They didn't want to see him again. Theo then went to India with friends, that's all we know of him. All my attempts to find him have failed." Carsten sighed. "I'd like to know what happened to him. And if he's even still alive." "And via the Internet?" "I've tried that as well, although it's been a little longer. Apparently Theo doesn't want to be found at all, otherwise he would have contacted me in the meantime." "How long ago was that?" "Seven years." "And your parents are still so stubborn? I mean, it's their son, after all." Marissa shook her head. "Is a good reputation worth disowning your child?" "It is to my parents. I've tried to soften them, to no avail. I can't even put Theo's name in my mouth." They were interrupted again when the waiter brought the food. So they finished the subject and enjoyed it. Then they went back to business.