That evening, Leonie almost mustered the courage to speak to her husband. But he left her when she saw Paul's stony expression. Well-mannered as they were, they first ate Martha's lovingly prepared meal, even though neither of them showed much appetite. When Martha retired after dessert, Paul looked at his wife with a look that spoke of sadness and disappointment. "I got a call from Alessandra today," he said bitterly. "Oh!" Leonie put her hand to her throat. "Alessandra actually wanted to talk to you. But since you weren't home, she called me. She said she was divorcing Julien, and you could have him." With tension, Paul's chin muscles stood out. "How am I to understand that?" "Understand what? There's nothing to understand. I ..." Leonie fell silent, longing for the days when she would have just slid off her chair in a situation like this. "Did ... did she say anything else?" Paul grabbed Leonie's left hand and held it tightly, very tightly. "Oh yes, she didn't want to keep me in the dark about your doings. She said she knew for a fact that you had been at the Hotel Atlantic on the tenth of December, and that Julien had also stayed at that hotel on the same date." "But ... but ... what madness! At that time, Alessandra was also at the Atlantic. She still ..." Paul's eyes hardened. "I wouldn't have believed Alessandra's words if the site of your little accident, so momentous for us, hadn't been practically in front of the Atlantic. So you saw him, and in doing so, you saw our child ..." He did not utter the accusation. "I saw her, not him! Alessandra called me that stormy night and claimed she was out in the rain somewhere with no money because Julien had thrown her out of the car." "I see. Alessandra commands, and you obey. And I had forbidden you to deal with her again! For that promise from you, I worked nights and nights to help that reckless couple out of a financial jam. And you ..." "Paul, so understand me! You are my husband - but she is my sister! What was I supposed to do?" "You? Stay at home and call me! I would have sent a cab to the Princess of Sablemer, and we would be a happy family now - if your version of the story is true. If Alessandra's is true, then ..." Leonie bit her lips. "Yeah, don't you believe me anymore?" "Can I?" he retorted, agonized. "But don't you see that under the circumstances of that time ..." "The circumstances of that time," he burst out. "Then do we have a new circumstance again now, when the clean couple separates? Do I have to worry that Julien's sports car will pull up out there and you'll pack your bags? Leonie, I'm warning you," he said almost resentfully. "If you go over to either of them with flying colors again this time, I never want to see you in this house again. Then you can move to Sablemer with Julien and pick lavender, and to me you won't exist. I ..." He faltered. "I really, yes, I loved you, and I still love you. And I want to keep protecting you. But I'm not one of those softies who takes everything and sits in a corner and sobs. I ..." Martha knocked excitedly on the door of the dining room. "Doctor, your highness! You should come quickly to the television. There's a report on the Prince and Princess of Sablemer right now. Alessandra is divorcing her prince! Just watch!" Martha yanked open the door. She had already turned on the television in the living room. An unusually pale, very exhausted Prince of Sablemer was seen rushing past some reporters in Nice. While Julien, who usually loved publicity, seemed unhappy and rushed, Alessandra was back to her old radiant self. When asked what her future plans were, she replied, "First, I'm going on vacation!" "Stupid woman," Paul commented and turned off the TV. He glanced over at Leonie. "We got along, didn't we? Just one encounter and there are two divorces in the princely house of Wallmenroth this year." But Leonie wasn't really listening. She had immediately realized how unhappy Julien was, and her heart melted with pity for him. Suddenly everything was present again. Her great love for this man, the eternal fidelity she had sworn to him - in her heart and not at the altar. Julien was the man who had awakened her passion and to whom she therefore felt eternally bound. Now he needed help. And she - she should deny him this help?