 But they didn't seem to be the only ones on their way there. There was someone running at superhuman speed out of town, straight toward their destination point. "Do you see that?" asked Matt. Aruula zoomed in on the image on the monitor. "Looks like one of those robot guards that was outside the palace." "And this one seems to have the same target as us. But why? Did Aticus perhaps send him to stop the catastrophe?" Since Matt had already witnessed the implosion, though, he probably hadn't been very successful with that. Or had Matt's mere return already changed the future of the city? "We should find out before we do anything ourselves," Aruula suggested. "If anyone knows how to stop the implosion, it's the Archivist." Matt landed the glider at the old spot he had already used with Patrem. Aruula drew her sword, Matt his pistol. Thus they awaited the robotic creature, which arrived only a few seconds later - and stopped when it caught sight of them. "Who sent you? What's your mission?" shouted Matt toward him. He glanced at his watch: nine minutes to go. The robot's reaction - apparently a female model - was astonishing. In a surrendered gesture, he raised both hands and slowly, step by step, kept coming toward her. "I am a remote-controlled unit designed to prevent a cascading effect from wiping out all life after the trilithium crystal fails," he explained. "Then we should work together," Matt said. "We are also ..." He faltered in mid-sentence as something struck him that made all the alarm bells inside him go off. The box the robot was carrying on its back - wasn't that Patrem's BagBox? And would the archivist willingly hand over the artifacts inside? Surely not. It's Patrem!" Matt was struck by the incomprehensible realization. Just like with Aticus, he must have swapped bodies with this machine! The robot was only five steps away when Matt brought the pistol to bear. "Stop! Don't take another step - Patrem!" Aruula looked at Matt in irritation for a moment, then jerked her sword up. The robot didn't even think of stopping, on the contrary, charged forward, right into Aruula's blow. The sword blade bounced off the metal bar. In the countermove, the machine creature slammed its steel fingers into her face, knocking her aside. "No!" yelled Matthew and pulled the trigger. The projectile hit the robot right between the eyes, leaving a dent in the metal; nothing more happened. This is insane!" ran through Matt's mind. Instead of stopping the implosion, we're fighting each other! "Patrem, stop!" he yelled, backing away. "We want the same thing!" He let his gun swing at his outstretched hand without aiming at the archivist. "Let's work together until the danger is over. We'll settle our dispute later!" The robotic creature actually stopped and looked at him with a slight tilt of its head, as if pondering his proposal. But then her next words destroyed all hope. "First and foremost, I want to get out of here. And you have kindly brought me the flying machine I need to do so." With that, the archivist raised his left hand so that the tips of his fingers pointed at him. Matt was about to retort something, when already needle-sized arrows shot out of the fingertips towards him! Matt threw himself to the side, but one of the arrows hit. The tip pierced his pant leg and dug into his flesh. Whatever toxin it contained took effect instantly. Matt buckled, and before he could do anything, the robotic creature was there, grabbing him with its vice grip.