"No trespassing!" snorted Betty as she sat back in her car with Michael Atkinson and they left the research site. Two military police officers had escorted them to the car and were now watching them to make sure they were really leaving. "And what about my interview?" "You could call Professor Schneider," Michael suggested. "Since he obviously disagreed with Pounder's approach, I'm sure he'd be willing to meet with you somewhere. The interview doesn't necessarily have to take place in his office." Betty shook her head. "It's not that simple," she replied. "If it were just up to Schneider, we could probably make up the interview. But he'd certainly get in trouble as soon as it came out, and it would at the latest when my report came out. I'm afraid I can forget about it. Bredham will rage." Michael seemed to slump in his seat. "I'm sorry," he muttered. "This is all my fault. If I hadn't been so intent on showing the professor the horn plate ..." "You've said that before," Betty interrupted him. "Will you stop apologizing for everything all the time? That idiot uniform boy screwed up, not you. Hell, don't you have any pride at all that you keep thinking you're doing everything wrong?" "I was just going to say ...," Michael began, but then fell silent when he realized he was about to justify and apologize again. "I guess it's hardly going to comfort you that I've been as much a victim of circumstance as you have," he said instead. "The news probably didn't even mention my name, and I can't even present the record to the public because Pounder confiscated it." "You could tell how it all really was," Betty countered. "I don't think the information is out in full detail yet. What do you say we team up, and I'll make a big deal out of it. At least then I'll have some material for my report after all, and if Pounder really does want to make trouble for someone, at least you won't be in the front line of fire." "Agreed," Michael agreed. He eyed Betty from the side, then looked out through the windshield. A short distance away, the first houses of Henderson could already be seen. Since the creation of DINO-LAND, the originally tiny, sleepy provincial town had experienced a tremendous boom due to its proximity to the primeval jungle and had become a popular excursion destination. In view of the wave of tourists, many locals had begun to earn their money by renting out rooms and selling souvenirs; several hotels had virtually sprung up in no time at all. Michael let his eyes wander back to Betty. "What are we going to do?" he wanted to know. "How about we go out for a bite to eat?" the journalist suggested. "My stomach is growling pretty badly. I haven't eaten anything since breakfast." "Fabulous idea," Michael returned enthusiastically. "My stomach hangs somewhere at the level of the back of my knees. All I had on the plane were some dried up sandwiches." "Let's go to my hotel," Betty suggested, "there's a fantastic restaurant there. I'll buy you a drink. After all, you're officially my informant now, so I can write it all off as expenses." "Okay, nothing wrong with that. But that's not really what I meant by my question. I wanted to know how we should proceed in general," Michael explained. "After all, we're nowhere near solving all the mysteries surrounding the message on the horn plate, and I'm against letting it all go at this point. There are still a whole lot of unanswered questions I'd like to find answers to." "I feel the same way," Betty affirmed. "But we should talk about that later at our leisure. It's too late today to do much anyway. So we have plenty of time."