 Quickly he went out. But his wife's rooms were locked. So he returned to his chambers and rang the bell for his servant. "Grollmann, go to Countess Beate. I ask for the keys to my wife's rooms." Grollmann had brought the keys to his master, and he now went over to his wife's rooms again and opened them. Slowly he walked through the large rooms. There was a whole suite of rooms, and one of them was always more sumptuously furnished than the other. They were the only rooms in the whole castle that were furnished according to modern taste and with new furniture. So he finally came to the bedroom where Countess Alice had died. It was the last of the suite of rooms. There stood the lace-strewn bed, filled with silk pillows and blankets, in which she had been found dead. Count Harro heaved a sigh of relief and looked around the room. Two-thirds of the height of the wall showed a precious wood paneling decorated with inlays of marvelous delicacy. At regular intervals, about a meter wide, there were carved pilasters supporting a wide projecting panel. The light, modern bedroom furniture did not want to match this probably very old but wonderfully preserved wood paneling, and so Countess Alice had the wall above the paneling and the ceiling covered tent-like with light blue silk to create a more airy and luminous effect. Harro had been used to such inconsistencies in his wife's surroundings. He hardly noticed it now either. The only thing he had to think about was why there was no connecting door leading from this room to the round tower. Treuenfels Castle had two square towers on the flanks of the large central building that matched the style and architecture, and a round tower that was at the end of the west wing and didn't really want to fit in with the whole. It was the first time he thought about it. It didn't occupy him for long today either. He turned and went back to the room where Countess Alice's desk was. On the bunch of keys that Grollmann had fetched for him from Comtesse Beate, there was also the desk key. He settled down in the armchair in front of the desk and opened it. Thoughtfully and carefully, he examined the contents down to the last sheet of paper. But all his searching was in vain. He rose at last. Midnight had long since passed, and everything in the castle was silent.