Betty's and Michael's patience was not put to a particularly hard test. It took less than an hour for Boris Corman to leave his house. He was carrying a medium-sized container, which he placed on the passenger seat of a car parked in front of the property before getting in and driving off himself. He did not notice the two observers parked about a hundred yards away between other cars, not even glancing in their direction. As Corman drove past them, Betty and Michael ducked hastily. "What are you waiting for?" asked Michael. "Step on it or we'll lose him." Betty shook her head. "You watch too many crime shows on TV," she said. "What good is a chase like this going to do us?" "But ... I thought we were going to find out what he was up to. What else were we waiting for?" "It would be pointless to follow him. On a busy highway or in downtown traffic, we might be able to tail him inconspicuously, but in a quiet residential neighborhood like this, Corman would notice us immediately. He doesn't even need to pay particular attention to his surroundings to do so. No, we'll take a closer look at his house instead." Michael frowned, but raised no objections. They got out and approached the property again. Before they stepped through the small garden gate, Betty glanced around quickly to make sure no one was watching them. "You do know that this is illegal, don't you?" said Michael nervously. "Besides, I don't see how snooping around out here is going to help us." Betty sighed. "Sometimes I think I'm dealing with an overgrown child." They had reached the front door. Betty pulled a small case from her purse. When she flipped it open, numerous little hooks appeared inside. "Who says we're going to stay out here, anyway?" "You're crazy," Michael snapped. "The few hours in jail yesterday were enough for me. I have no desire to spend a few years in such a hospitable place. I'm a paleontologist, not a burglar. And I thought you were a journalist until now." "Exactly," Betty countered with a grin. "It may not be quite the way to go, but if you want to be good at the job and find something out, you have to resort to unexceptional means from time to time. Besides, you can hardly call a thing like that a castle. It's more like an invitation to any intruder. Corman should be glad we're not planning to steal anything." She selected two of the hooks, slid them into the lock, and moved them around a bit inside. With a soft click, the latch snapped back; the door popped open. "There you go. Craigh can be proud of his student. He was ... a colleague. Years ago, he once taught me how to pick locks like this. Now come on." "Oh no, I'm not going along with that," Michael protested. "This isn't a game anymore, this is ..." "Game?" Betty wheeled around. Anger flashed in her eyes. "You're right, there's no game, never was. I'm glad you finally realize that, too. Did you think we were just playing a little detective for fun? This Corman guy is up to something, and it's got to be something damn dangerous for someone to go to the trouble of sending us a warning over more than a hundred million years. So don't get your knickers in a twist now, but act like a man." She realized that her harsh words intimidated him. So in a softer voice, she added, "I know we're breaking the law. But maybe by doing so, we can prevent a much greater wrong." "I don't know." Doubtingly, Michael looked at her. "I'm not comfortable with this." "You mean, me? It's certainly not my hobby to break into other people's houses, but at least we're only acting with the best of intentions. Now come on, the sooner we'll be done. I don't feel like still being here when Corman gets back." Michael gave up his resistance. Hurriedly, they first got an overview of the rooms in the house. On the first floor there was a large living room, a bathroom, a kitchen and a hobby room. Everything looked neglected. There was no particular order, nor was there regular cleaning. There was a thick layer of dust on some of the furniture. A staircase in the hallway took them to the second floor. There was a bedroom, another, larger bathroom and two children's rooms. Apart from the fact that even here cleaning was done only rarely, one could believe to be in the house of a normal family. Corman had apparently changed nothing, especially in the children's rooms, since the disaster two years ago. "Nothing to help us," Michael noted when they returned to the first floor. He was still nervous, "Let's get out of here again." "First I want to take a look in the basement," Betty objected, stepping toward the corresponding door under the stairs. Behind it, steps led down into the depths. Here, too, had not been cleaned for some time, but innumerable footprints showed that Corman frequently went down here. The basement was completely finished and housed a surprisingly well-equipped laboratory. A large adjoining room was separated by a solid glass wall. Betty stopped in front of it. "My God," she muttered in shock, looking at the greenish-gray animals huddled motionless in a corner. "Compsognathus. A theropod from the late Jurassic," Michael lectured, not quite realizing it. "A close relative of Archaeopteryx, the first true bird." He opened the glass door and stepped into the next room. Cautiously, he approached the animals without them reacting. Not even when he crouched directly in front of them did they move. "They're dead," Michael declared. Anger sounded in his voice. "Hell knows where that maniac got those animals." He bent down, grabbed one of the small dinosaurs and looked at it more closely. "Apparently he killed them. The tense posture suggests poison, but of course I can't say for sure." "Look at this one," Betty said. She pointed to one of the lab tables. "Are those dinosaur eggs?" Michael stepped up beside her and nodded. "Compsognathus eggs. Corman must have really bred the dinosaurs down here and abused them as laboratory animals. And all under these conditions." He shook his head bitterly. "If I get my hands on that pig ..." "What might he have been researching?" muttered Betty. "It must be something dangerous," Michael reasoned. "The room he's got Compsognathus' crammed into is airtight from the outside world. It must have cost him a small fortune to install all that, and it only makes sense if he was conducting experiments with dangerous substances." "Besides, they must have been illegal, or he could have done them much more easily in Biochemics' labs. He had a canister with him when he left the house. Probably the result of his work was in it." "Then we should have followed him better to find out what he was going to do with it," Michael noted. "But it's too late for that now. We've seen enough for my taste. We should notify the police. Whatever Corman did here was clearly illegal. The Compsognathus' is the only one he could have kidnapped." "But that's all we know so far," Betty objected. "Besides, the best we can do is tip off the police anonymously; after all, we were trespassing." She approached another table, on which were bizarrely shaped glass jars and containers of chemicals. There were also some sheets of paper with chemical formulas scrawled on them. "Can you do anything with these?" Michael glanced briefly at the notes, then shrugged. "Even though I'm a scientist, I'm pretty much a loser as a chemist. The most I can do is concoct a few tinctures." He looked at the leaves again more closely. "Some of the compounds I know, but most of them mean nothing to me. This would be more for Steve." "Then call him!" demanded Betty. Michael stared at her, aghast. "Now? From here? You can't be serious." "In fact, I'm bitterly serious," the journalist affirmed. "I have a feeling we're on the trail of one hell of a mess, and I want to know at least roughly what it's all about." She grabbed Michael by the shoulders and pushed him toward the stairs. "If we go to the police right now instead, nothing's going to happen. They might charge Corman with animal cruelty, but that's about it. What are we supposed to say? That we think Corman is planning something illegal? We'd be laughed out of town. No, we have to have some concrete evidence." They stepped into the living room. Betty picked up the phone and thrust it into the paleontologist's hand. "Go ahead, call that Steve guy."