Emily sat up in her bed and looked reproachfully at Stella. "Why did you leave me alone, Stella? Were you with my mommy?" Stella couldn't hide her surprise at this question. "What makes you think that, Emily?" she asked. The child looked at her perplexed. "I just think you go and see her sometime. You're so sweet. That's what Graham says, too. Nobody takes care of my mommy, Grandma just sleeps with her. But I'm sure she's not sweet to her then. Grandma's never nice. She's never nice to me. And this morning she was mean to you, too." There was longing in the little girl's eyes. "Oh Stella, I want to love my mommy so much. Very tightly I want to hug her, even if she is sick. Have you been to see her?" Now Emily made a mischievous face. "I won't tell anyone, will I?" "Yes, I was with her." Stella sat down on Emily's bed and hugged her to her. "But it's better if you don't tell the castellan either." "Graham knows all about me, doesn't he, Stella?" "He'd be worried if he knew I'd been in the pavilion, Emily." "Will you take me with you sometime?" Stella realized that Emily was not as indifferent to her mother as she sometimes gave the impression. She had probably just learned very early on to obey her father's and grandmother's orders and suppress her own desires. "Maybe I can take you to see your mommy sometime, Emily. She wants so much to see you and love you, too." Now the children's eyes lit up. "Is that true, Stella?" "Why shouldn't it be true, Emily? Every mother is fond of her child." "But Grandma says my mommy doesn't want me because she's so sick. And father says that, too." "I know better, Emily." Stella smiled confidently at the child. "After all, your mommy told me how much she loved you. And she wanted me to bring you sometime soon. I just can't promise you that." Emily's face turned sad again. "I know, because Grandma and Dad shouldn't catch us. Because that would be very bad for us. Maybe for my mommy, too. There could be a storm roaring around Windhome real quick. You know, a wind that bad, chasing us all the way into the river." Emily was making a very important face now. "Don't you believe it, Stella? Ask Grandmother, she'll tell you that there's always a very terrible calamity when such an evil wind blows around the castle." Stella became more and more depressed. Even the child knew about the wind that was supposed to bring bad luck. She tried to distract Emily. "Come, get dressed, we'll go down to the river." At this Emily was immediately delighted. She no longer spoke of her mother, nor of the fateful wind.She was happy to be able to enjoy freedom with Stella.