Corman was drenched in sweat and at the end of his rope when they finally reached the edge of the jungle after about an hour. Panting, he sank to the ground among the ferns. Only after minutes had he recovered enough to take a closer look at his surroundings. The ferns around him were half dried out, a consequence of the changed climatic conditions. Some geologists and biologists had even predicted after the first time earthquakes that all of DINO-LAND would dry up within a short time, but this had not happened. No one knew how far each quake reached down into the ground, but it appeared that sufficiently large underground water supplies had come with it into the present to keep the jungle moist. Only the plants in the marginal areas were not getting enough water. Again Corman looked at his watch. It was a quarter to ten, so there was still about fifteen minutes to go. "We should move back a little further to be on the safe side," Richards suggested. Boris Corman shook his head. "There's no need," he asserted. "We can wait right on the edge of the jungle. The time quakes connect exactly to the area that has already been moved. So there's no danger even if we stand just a step away from it." "Still. I'm not particularly comfortable with it," Richards insisted. "Well, you can keep going back. I'll wait here, anyway." The hunter shrugged his shoulders, but stayed where he was. He had unlocked the rifle and placed it over his knees, but other than a small lizard scurrying by close to their feet, no animals had yet been spotted. The minutes dripped by viscously. At one point, a helicopter could be heard in the distance, but shortly thereafter the sound faded away. Corman was annoyed that he had not poured some of the serum into a smaller container. In the excitement and sudden rush, he hadn't even thought about the fact that he could not only take care of the dinosaurs in the past, but also the ones that had already arrived in the present and populated DINO-LAND. Even if he opened the canister only briefly now, too much of the serum would escape. He could have slapped himself for not having considered that. This way, he would only be able to exterminate the dinosaurs living in prehistoric times.