 Next, Paul went to the small but fine star hotel on the station square of the medieval-looking town. Prince Julien was sitting at the desk in his suite. His seat looked right out onto the station square, in the center of which was a fountain just as beautiful as the one in front of the castle. This time Hermes, the messenger of the gods, stood in bronze on the top and seemed to want to rise to heaven with his winged helmet. So he may have seen Leonie, Paul thought, before opening his briefcase and laying on the table for Julien the important documents he had brought with him from France. Prince von Wallmenroth intended to take a stake in the cosmetics company as soon as it was launched in Germany. So Leonie's dowry would not be land or the little hunting lodge - but money. When Paul considered how many tears Leonie might have shed, the prince looked pretty good. Julien smiled fleetingly at his friend. "Very good," he said, leafing through the balance sheet. "That should convince the prince once and for all." Paul stepped over to the round marble table and poured himself coffee from a silver pot. "Has anything happened here in the meantime that you, as your friend and financial advisor, should know about?" "Not that I know of." Julien jotted down some numbers. "And the princess, your fiancée?" Julien looked up. "If you mean Leonie, there are a few things to consider, though." "To consider?" burst out Paul for the first time in their almost ten-year friendship. "You call it to consider while there's a princess up there in the castle crying her eyes out?" Julien added up the numbers. He seemed highly satisfied. "I'm sorry about that," he then said as an aside. "However, Leonie is not entirely innocent of her tears. If you want to get engaged to a Prince Sablemer, you don't kiss other men in the open street ... Did you bring the photos of the lavender fields in bloom, too?" he then wanted to know. "In the briefcase," Paul informed him. "And if ... if that scene had been cleverly staged?" Surprised, Julien looked up. "What scene?" "The kiss in the station square." "Who would stage such nonsense?" "Someone who wants to stop the engagement, for example." "And that would be - who?" "For example, her sister." "Alessandra? She doesn't need such a childish fuss!" "Like that, you mean? Perhaps she herself has cast a covetous eye on the best-looking bachelor of the year. You're a man easy to fall in love with, you know that." Julien looked flattered. "If that's the case, at least Alessandra has shown more brains than Leonie. You don't let yourself be kissed by a thug and ..." "It was her childhood sweetheart." "What do you know?" "It was her childhood sweetheart," Paul emphasized again, "and it was the goodbye kiss." "Well!" Julien reached for the papers again. "And she told me I was her first great love. So, the photos, please." He pointed to the briefcase and had Paul hand him the volume of photos, immediately delving into them with interest. "So?" asked Paul. "What about Leonie?" "The engagement is in two days, by then I'll know who I'm engaged to." "But Julien, that's mean!" "Why mean? Leonie is adorable and sweet, but Alessandra is more decorative. And then, let's not kid ourselves, Paul, the dowry will remain the same. If we want to succeed in the German market, we need the best and most expensive advertising agencies and ... Look, this picture here, wouldn't it be a good hook for an advertising campaign?" Paul stepped next to his friend and placed his hand in the middle of the photo. "You're talking about cosmetics, and I'm talking about people." Julien looked amused. "Mostly about Leonie, I guess. She did it to you, didn't she?" "Yes, but ..." Julien laughed out loud, then rose. He stretched, took his cashmere jacket from the arm of the chair, and put it on. With his well-groomed luminous hair and a face that was simply fantastic in its proportions, he represented a born winner. Julien stepped up to the window, which he always did when he considered a conversation or audience over. "Do you think then that I could make this little princess happy?" "I'm sure you could. After all, she melts just looking at you. And that silly kiss, that was an old story. She was sixteen then. The man suddenly showed up here, and..." "Leave the man aside. What makes you think I can make such a mimosa happy?" "Because you're a considerate person, and she will always adore and love you." Julien turned around. "Hell, Paul, look at the mountain of work ahead of us. Do you think I have time to be considerate and loving?" "She'll be understanding, she'll cooperate ..." "I don't want a woman who will cooperate! I want a woman who is comfortable even when I'm not there! A woman who is an independent being. Her life must not revolve only around me. That would only make me nervous. Always feeling on the back of my neck that ... Oh, let's not go there!" "Couldn't you have thought about this before - I mean, before you got engaged to Leonie?" "Alessandra only opened my eyes on that point." "Ah, yes. I'm sure she did!" "No sarcasm please, I never could stand that. So ..." He stepped back to the desk and looked at the papers again. "So - what are we going to do about poor Leonie?" "Poor Leonie is going to get engaged to me, and that's that, period!" roared Paul, pulling another fourth folder out of his pocket and slamming it down on the desk. "I'm sick of this haggling now." Julien looked amused. "You?" "Yes, me." "Doesn't she have anyone more suitable?" "Apparently not. So if you want to introduce Alessandra as your bride, knock yourself out. After all, it's a celebration in the closest family circle anyway."