 "Where are you?" cried Aticus. "Answer me!" After the gods had mercifully spared him from a gruesome death at the hands of this painted stranger in the courtyard, Aticus had run into the tower again. He had realized that the Mystery Master had really flown away. So he had to try to reach him through the many switching devices. But he did not know how. With both hands he pushed all kinds of buttons, flipped switches and moved levers. The lights on the large console began to flash. So he kept pressing, trying other combinations. "Force activation sequence," a tinny voice suddenly sounded from one of the console's speakers, and a red light above the displays lit up. "Please confirm input." Aticus's mouth dropped open and closed. What kind of forces were they referring to? Had Patrem finally made good on his promise and created him humanoid-looking fighters capable of more than simple guard duty? Why hadn't he mentioned any of this? "Confirm input," the voice demanded again. "Yes!" shouted Aticus aloud. "Activate the forces! All of them!" Another beep sounded. "Resume command input. Select target parameters." "Tell them to search Patrem. Search for Patrem! Find your builder!" shouted Aticus. Finally, a glimmer of hope. "Command input complete. Forces are being activated." Aticus laughed out loud. He laughed and laughed until he was dizzy. The forces would locate the Mystery Master and bring him back. And the whole thing would turn out to be a terrible misunderstanding. The signal lamp on the control panel switched from red to green. At the same moment, the half-finished robotic creature next to him snapped its eyes open, jerked its head around, and rose from its back moorings. Its eyes glowed red. Its face was half modeled with artificial mass and covered with skin. Not a fearsome, angular face, more the soft forms of a woman. Aticus stumbled backward and watched as the being of steel rods and cables aligned itself and then purposefully left the room. Was he, then, trapped in a never-ending nightmare? The Cesar reached for a scalpel lying on the table and used it to carve his bare forearm. Blood gushed from it in a thin trickle. No, he was not dreaming. He was awake. Left alone. Helpless.