 As we approached, the gate looked more like an archway with a vault behind it. The light was generated by what looked like an organic sack hanging from a fishing rod. Somewhere Matt had seen something like this before, he was sure. A fishing rod, Matt thought musingly. Almost like one of those fish that live at the bottom of the sea and use it to attract prey. Even as the realization made its way, something large and green shot out of the opening and right at them. Matt tried to jump back, but it was too late. A voluminous viscous ball of slime slapped down on him and Patrem, trapping them both. "What is it?" the archivist shouted as he struggled to get his hands free. "I don't know," Matt answered truthfully. The sticky stuff held him down. He kicked and tugged, yanked and boxed against it as he sensed more movement out of the corner of his eye. The gate was closing. Or more accurately, the mouth! For that was what Matt now recognized in it. The passage, the opening, the slime, even the fluorescent stripes on the walls were all created by a gigantic worm! And this worm was now slowly crawling towards them! It reminded Matt of a monstrously mutated variety of a Snäkke. And Snäkken he had already had some as opponents. He knew what helped against it: fire! But of course he did not carry a match with him. Only Patrem was able to save them now. "Shoot at the cattle! With the laser pistol!" shouted Matt to the archivist. The human from the domain laboriously raised his hand with the gun, trying to get it loose from the slime. The worm had already passed the halfway point and continued to come towards them purposefully, though comparatively slowly. Matt heard the laser being fired, saw threads of slime evaporating. The next shot was aimed at the monster. Another long-drawn laser blast centered in the beast's forehead area sent it screeching. A fist-sized hole gaped at the entry point! But that only made the worm angrier. Patrem fired again, but the laser beam stayed out. A simple click revealed that Matt's warnings had come true. Now, of all times! The weapon's energy store had been depleted, the last reserves wasted on a couple of dull arrows on the tunnel ceiling. The worm, on the other hand, had apparently located the source of his pain and hurled another slime bomb at the archivist. Whatever Patrem might still have in his pockets, he would need too much time to get to his artifacts now. This was Matt's chance! Covered all over with slime, not only were his arms stuck, but so was his head along with the unwelcome jewelry. While the worm waltzed forward, paying attention only to Patrem for the time being - judging by the gap in his mouth - Matt wriggled out of his slimy prison so deftly that his headband was pulled off his head in the process. At last! "Free me!" commanded Patrem. "Help me, quickly!" Matt hesitated only for a moment. He weighed the odds against the risks - and ran, out of the tunnel and back to the glider. He knew: without a weapon, he had no chance against the unknown creature. The effect of the fire was his only clue in this regard. Matthew Drax was not one to leave another behind in cold blood. He would rescue Patrem, pin him down, and with his help stop the destruction of the anomaly. That was the plan - if he could reach the glider unharmed. But at the first junction within the labyrinth of corridors, Matt heard scraping noises that seemed to be steadily increasing. Apparently, the attack of the giant worm had attracted more guests to the big feeding party!