Aruula shook off her daze and saw the machine man holding Maddrax by the neck with his metal left hand, and at the same time unclipping a black box from its back mount with his right and setting it down beside him. Aruula scrambled to her feet and raised her sword. "Let! Him! Go!" She advanced on the steel monster again, striking like a berserker. The final blow severed the robot's left arm. Matt went down, the metal hand still at his throat, while the archivist wheeled around, grabbed Aruula's weapon arm by the joint with his other hand, and spun her around like a straw doll. When he let go of her, she flew again among the bushes and rolled across the stony ground. The impact made her see stars. Her back felt as if rocks had rained down on it. There seemed to be a thousand needles in her wrist, it burned so badly. Still, she continued to hold the hilt of the sword. As long as she was still breathing, she would not give up! As she was about to lunge at the robotic being for the third time, she felt another tachyon wave spread and run through her, stronger even than any before. The machine creature paused in its motion, on the verge of grabbing Maddrax again. It twitched as if under electric shocks. Individual sparks shot from the bowels of its steel torso and fizzled out into the darkness of the night. This was her chance! Aruula realized there was no point in continuing the fight, so she put her sword away, picked up the BagBox from the ground instead, and ran over to her companion. She pulled Maddrax up and dragged the dazed man back to the glider through clenched teeth. She breathed a sigh of relief as the hatch closed behind them. But the glider had to take off to be out of reach of the machine man. Maddrax was still too woozy to initiate the launch. So she had to do it! "Wudan, help," she whispered, taking her place in the pilot's seat. Dozens of times she had sat beside her companion, watching him operate the buttons and knobs. Now she was feverishly trying to remember the exact sequence. She didn't have to fly at all; the only thing that mattered was getting the glider into the air as quickly as possible. And that's what the emergency takeoff was for. Aruula kept her hands over the gauges and switches, letting her intuition guide her. When the impulse came, she placed a finger on the launch button and pressed it. The lower thrusters howled. At the same time, she felt the glider take off - and pause again at an altitude of about ten meters. Where was the robot? Aruula pressed lightly on the control stick, causing the glider to spin on the spot. Through the cockpit window, she could see the machine man. He stood erect and stretched out his remaining metal hand toward the glider. What other trick could he have up his sleeve? A grappling hook? A built-in miniature rocket launcher? Aruula had no desire to find out. She pushed the control stick away from her, and the ship shot forward.