He was distracted from his musings when one of the secretaries met him on the way to his office. "Mister Gardner? Just a moment, please, I need to speak with you." "What is it?" "There are two men waiting for you in your office. They're from the FBI." Incredulous, Steve frowned. "FBI? Did they say what they wanted?" The secretary shook her head. "No. Just that they needed to see you. I told them you were already on your way here." "All right, thanks." Slower than before, Steve walked on. What could the FBI want with him? He automatically felt unease, as most people probably do when they learn that the police want to talk to them - even more so if it was the FBI, the federal police. Even though Gardner wasn't aware of having violated any law, that didn't change anything. He took another deep breath and then opened the door. He didn't even have to be told that the two men were FBI. He would have guessed as much the moment he saw them. They were so much in line with the special agent stereotype of most movies and TV series that he wouldn't even have been surprised if they had had such original names as "Smith" or "Johnson". That, after all, was not the case, however. They introduced themselves to him as Chester Desmond and Sam Stanley. Both were slim, of medium height, and wore dark suits. Desmond had short black hair, Stanley's was light blond. They had everyman faces with no distinguishing features, so it would have been difficult to recognize them in the crowd soon after meeting, and they showed the expression of bored indifference that all special agents seemed to be taught in their training in a required course. "Let's get straight to the point, our time is limited," Desmond began the conversation after they introduced themselves and showed their credentials. "You performed an age analysis on a dinosaur horn plate yesterday for a Mister Atkinson?" Steve nodded uncertainly. So that was the direction the wind was blowing from. Even now he was unaware of any offense. After all, he had only done a routine analysis on the plate, even if the result had been anything but routine. Possibly Michael Atkinson had by now approached the authorities with his find, and the agents had been sent only to make sure that the result of the examination was correct. He clung to this explanation, although at the same time he knew how improbable it was. Analyses like this could be done by any reasonably well-equipped laboratory. Rather than sending in FBI agents, the authorities would have done their own investigation. Something was apparently wrong with the record. After all, Michael had also been acting very strangely. His request alone to keep the sensational find quiet for the time being had been suspicious. "A colleague brought me the plate and asked me to determine its age," he explained, kneading his hands nervously. The piercing gaze with which the two agents eyed him increased his discomfort. "I was just doing a normal analysis. What's going on, anyway? Is there something wrong with the plate?" "No, no, there's nothing wrong," Desmond replied. "Just answer our questions. Have you told anyone about the message on the plate and your analysis yet?" "No, not so far. Michael has asked me to keep quiet about it." "Have you made copies of the analysis result or any other records?" "No, I haven't had to." "Very good." Satisfied, the two officers nodded and stood up. "I'm sorry, Mister Gardner, but in the interest of national security, we must detain you temporarily. Please come with us without resisting." Steve jumped to his feet. "But ... why?" he groaned, stunned. "I didn't do anything!" "Everything will be explained to you later," Desmond countered. "We're just here to pick you up. I hope you won't give us any trouble, and then I guess we can dispense with handcuffs. Believe us, you have nothing to fear, it's just a precautionary measure." Without resistance, Steve Gardner allowed himself to be led out of the office. He was far too shocked to even think of resisting.