A noise at the door made them both jump up. In the dim glow of the hallway nightlight, they saw their little daughter standing in the doorway. "There's a crocodile in the tree outside my window," Lilly claimed. Marissa expelled the air. Oh no, not again! The things Lilly had seen on that big old chestnut tree! Just about every creature from angels and monsters to poisonous snakes, dinosaurs and Martians. "I'm sure it's gone by now, after it realized there was no water on the tree," Carsten said with amusement. "After all, crocodiles need water." Lilly trudged closer. She had her arms full of toys, which she now dropped on her parents' bed. "I don't want it to go away," the little girl explained as she made moves to climb into bed between her mom and dad. "The crocodile can stay. I'll bring him water in the morning." Lilly wanted to crawl under the covers, but Carsten had already flicked on the bedside lamp and grabbed his little daughter. "No, my sweet princess, that's not the way to do it. You'll sleep beautifully in your own little bed," he said lovingly, though firmly. He took the child in his arms and carried her over to his room. Marissa sighed softly. How often had they been disturbed by the little one, even in the middle of their deepest sleep! She heard Lilly excitedly telling her dad something. In between, Carsten laughed with amusement. Marissa loved that warm dark laugh of his. She also had to smile when the word "potato king" was mentioned. So Lilly hadn't forgotten the story yet. It had been last week when she hadn't wanted to eat her mashed potatoes. She usually loved it, but after it had come out that her mother had used the nice big potato king to make it, she had been so upset that she had refused to eat anything at all. Marissa's eyes fell on the bedspread where Lilly had deposited her treasures. Stuffed animals, dolls, plastic toys - there was just too much. At least once a week, her grandparents gave her something new. They owned a large toy store downtown, where Carsten also worked. When there was a need, Marissa also helped out. Lilly was happy when she was allowed to come into the store and play. And of course she always got something to take home with her. There was almost no room left in her room. Marissa didn't like the idea of showering the child with toys. In general, the grandparents spoiled her far too much. They adored Lilly and simply couldn't say no when she wanted something. There were always disagreements because Marissa openly told her in-laws what she thought and often returned toys. Marissa waited for Carsten to return so they could pick up where they had left off, but he took his time. Frowning, she listened next door. It sounded like he was reading something else to Lilly. She sighed in disappointment. Tiredness crept up in her, her eyelids became heavy. The last thing she was aware of was Lilly happily belting out a Christmas carol. "Tink, tink, tink, tink, tink ..." Marissa no longer noticed how Carsten came back into the bedroom and saw, to his disappointment, that she had fallen asleep.