The next morning, when Magnus entered his private office over at the plant, the mail was already lying on his desk, as usual. When he looked through it, he found, among others, a letter from Herr von Schlieben. He wrote: "My dear Mr. Rittner! For a long time we have not heard from each other. The war has thrown us all into confusion. The last time we met was in Lille, when we changed positions in the West. Two years have passed since then. I might not have gotten around to writing to you even today, because my mood is not such that I would want to inconvenience my friends with it, but something strange happened to me that will also interest you. You will no doubt remember little Rosemarie von Salten, whose mother appeared to us in a very adventurous light. From this Rosemarie von Salten I received these days two thousand marks, which I had lent to her mother, and in addition a letter. In it she informed me that her mother had been dead for years and that she had seen from papers left by her mother that I had given her a loan of two thousand marks. Unfortunately, she had not been able to pay off her mother's debt until now, since she had only just earned her keep as a partner. But now, by a stroke of luck, she had come into possession of ten thousand marks and wanted to use this sum to pay off part of her mother's debt. She asked me not to be angry that I had to wait so long and also to forgive her mother, who had been in a very difficult situation. Well then, my dear Mr. Rittner, this quite charming letter from the young lady has turned my heart around and around again. God knows, I am now bitterly reproaching myself for having once played fate. If I had known that her mother would die so soon, I would not have done it either. Just think, this splendid little fellow simply spends the ten thousand marks, which she surely would have needed herself in her dependent position, in order to pay her mother's debts and, as she writes, to clear her memory! Someone should try to imitate her! I feel quite winded, and I had to tell you about it. Just as I took away your good opinion of Frau von Salten back then, I feel obliged to give it back to you today about Rosemarie von Salten. Such a splendid girl! Unfortunately, she does not give me an address. Perhaps, however, I will find out her address through the bank that sent me the money. Then I will express my respect to her and ask her if I cannot help her somehow. So, now I have eased my conscience. Please, share all this with your brother as well, whom I send my warmest regards. Unknown also a recommendation to his wife spouse. As soon as there is peace here, I will look you up again. With a strong German handshake Yours, Heinrich von Schlieben Magnus looked down at the letter with shining eyes. A soft smile was around his mouth. "Rosemarie, little brave Rosemarie - Prachtkerlchen!" he said to himself. And when his brother arrived soon after, he handed him the letter. Fred Rittner read it through and put it down again. "Perhaps we really were a little too harsh in our judgment of Frau von Salten at the time - perhaps it was really only a dire need that drove her to take out those loans. After all, other people have done it too, and they've been given a pass. If I didn't have to be careful because of my wife, I truly wouldn't mind if Fräulein von Salten stayed in our house. By the way, that reminds me - Ellen has asked me to show Fräulein von Salten around the factory. Of course, I don't want to be alone with her for so long and have suggested you as a guide. You will, please, take the lead!" Magnus nodded. "That shall be done. I will offer to do so at table today." "I thank you."