Magnus and Rosemarie went to Ellen. She received them with a laughing face. "Thank goodness you're here, Rosemarie, I've become so accustomed to your company that I've missed you." "Forgive me, I've been away a long time," Rosemarie said sheepishly. "Well, one needs time to look at everything. Have you been a good guide Magnus?" He laughed. "I think, Ellen, that I have performed my office to satisfaction. Miss von Salten, at least, has rewarded me richly." Inquiringly Ellen looked at him. "You look so radiant, Magnus, so-I don't know how-you seem ten years younger to me." Again he laughed. "That's what luck does, Ellen. Look at Fräulein von Salten! Doesn't she look radiant, too?" Ellen looked at Rosemarie, whose face was as if bathed in glow. "Indeed - Fräulein Rosemarie, I don't know ..." Then Magnus took Rosemarie in his arms and kissed her. And then he looked at Ellen cockily. "What do you think, Ellen?" She sank into a chair and marveled. Magnus took her hand and kissed it. "Ellen, dear Ellen, it is to you I thank that happiness has at last found its way to me. You have brought it to me. Rosemarie is my bride." Mrs. Ellen clasped her hands together. "Really? Is that true? So quickly you, who otherwise wanted nothing to do with women, capitulated?" "No, Ellen, it didn't happen quickly. My heart already belonged to Rosemarie five years ago, in Cairo. At that time I let my happiness slip away - a misunderstanding separated us - and I lost sight of Rosemarie. You brought her back to me, and now I grabbed her quickly - despite your three-year contract. We'll have to solve that one, Ellen, because Rosemarie is soon to be my wife - we've already missed too much." Mrs. Ellen pulled Rosemarie into her arms. "Dear Rosemarie, how happy I am - for you and for Magnus! I will gladly release you from your contract, for I no longer need a companion; you will now be a dear sister to me." "I will do so heartily, dear, dear Ellen. And also I thank you for bringing me here. I had no idea where I was coming, and was greatly frightened when I recognized Magnus at the station. I wanted to flee because I didn't know that he loved me. But now I know - and I am unspeakably happy." The two ladies kissed each other warmly. "And by the way, you shall have champagne chilling, Ellen. Fred wants to toast our happiness," Magnus said with a smile. "That shall be done. Take my hearty congratulations, both of you! God grant you a true, steady happiness." At the luncheon table they drank to the health of the bride and groom. That same day, Mrs. Ellen wrote to Mrs. von Schwarzburg, "Dearest Lanie! My new partner canceled my contract today. The marriage clause has now come into force after all. Rosemarie von Salten has become engaged to my brother-in-law Magnus." And she reported in detail what she herself knew, after which a congratulatory telegram arrived from Frau von Schwarzburg.