On the third day of their young marriage, the count and countess were sitting outside in the garden in the evening after a monstrous coffee, cake and cream fight with their relatives. It was a warm June evening that already foreshadowed high summer. The sun was setting over a heath landscape that Grandfather Bierow would certainly not have missed as a picture motif. The housekeeper had left, as the young couple had sworn never to eat again in the next few days. Leonie sat in an elegant house suit in her deck chair under the birch tree. As always, she looked pretty, but slightly pensive. The setting sun made her hair glow warmly. It was a soft shade of brown, created by nature - and it flashed through Paul to step up to his wife now and bury his hands in that curly, beautiful hair. But he didn't. He only stepped behind her and put a shawl over her shoulders against the evening chill. He did it with a strange feeling. He had seen his father bring his mother a shawl and put it on her on this very spot one summer evening - and he had watched his grandfather make the same caring gesture. The feeling of being involved in a generational chain here, and of having taken responsibility for the future generation, made him feel quite still. He stood behind Leonie and looked out over the rolling countryside, he breathed in the scent of the summer evening, he saw a bee sucking honey from the red clover before sunset, he heard the chirping of the birds and the rustling in the trees ... He had never felt so present and so alive. He felt as if he knew the beginning and the end of things, as if it made sense that he was born and had to die one day, hopefully still far away - and why he had married this woman. Out of that feeling, he let his hands rest on Leonie's shoulders. "I won't ask you why you married me, Leonie. But I will tell you why I did: Because I love you and because I want to protect you. I am not a person who is frivolous with these words, and so you will not hear these words from me again unless you ask for them ... I promise you that by my side you will live a pleasant life and have no worries. I will always respect you and always be there for you. All I ask is that you trust me and don't do anything behind my back that could harm our marriage." He cleared his throat. "By the way, I also want you to know that I have resigned my position with the prince." A jolt went through Leonie's body. She turned and looked up at him with wide eyes. "You can't do that! Julien relies on you completely, doesn't he?" Paul looked at her seriously. "That may be so, and it hasn't been easy for me either. After all, I am Julien's friend. But you and our marriage are worth more to me. I want you to have as little to do with Alessandra and Julien as possible in the future. And if I kept working for him, we would run into each other everywhere. Besides, I noticed with concern the money Julien was already siphoning off from the cosmetics project during his engagement to Alessandra. Your sister's demands are absolutely excessive. I have no intention of enlightening Julien about his wife or getting into a family quarrel because of Alessandra. I'm going to take a position up here in the north. We'll live in Hamburg, you'll get a nice house on the Elbchaussee. You can further your education there, paint, learn languages. If you're interested, you could also become my assistant and ..." "Hamburg?" That was like a shout. "And ... my parents?" "The prince agrees. I will join the shipping company in Hamburg as a financial advisor, in which he has a share. Perhaps he would like to buy the company back ... So I'm acting in his interests, if not with his blessing." Leonie meanwhile looked stubbornly straight ahead. "But Alessandra and Julien? They wanted to live half a year each at Sablemer Castle and the other half year at Wallmenroth Castle, didn't they?" "That's right," Paul replied indifferently. "And I ..." "Of course, you can always return to the castle for half a year as well, if you don't like it in Hamburg." He did now briefly lay his hand on her shining hair. "But perhaps together we will succeed in making a new home for ourselves in Hamburg."