So it really surprised her when she got a call one December evening and a cheerful male voice answered with, "Hello - how are you?" It was a rainy, dark day, and she hadn't actually wanted to answer the phone because she was finishing up a report. "It's Julien," the man continued, slightly disconcerted. "Don't you recognize my voice anymore?" "Julien," she repeated after a small moment of shock. Julien! What did he want from her? She ... she wasn't even sure she was happy to hear from him. There had been a time when she would have jumped off the castle rampart to see him. But now? "Yes, me! Where have you been? Martha's been putting me off all day. Are you working? That would be a joke! Or are you reading novels to some old ladies again?" "I work as a reporter for a newspaper." "You? Is it even worth it?" "No, but it's fun. Are ... are you in Hamburg? And if so, what are you doing here?" "Of course I'm in Hamburg, dear sister-in-law, and I'm here negotiating for my cosmetics. What do you say we get together for dinner tonight - you and I, just like old times. I'm sure we'll have a lot to talk about." "I don't know about that, Paul is in Cuxhaven tonight on business. I'm sure he'd be happy to see you ..." "I'm not talking about Paul, Rehlein, I'm talking about you. I want to see you, not Paul." "But ... is that proper?" He laughed warmly and heartily. "I beg you, little deer. Haven't you become an emancipated adult woman by now? And a reporter to boot! You can go wherever you want, can't you? I'll be at the Drei Eichen tonight, that little country inn on the exit road to Kiel. It's an excellent place to eat. Tomorrow morning I'm having a champagne breakfast at the Drei Eichen with the cosmetics editors of the big magazines, to make Francoise cosmetics palatable to them. But today I am free. So we can spend the evening together. Are you coming?" "Me?" Leonie grabbed her hair in exasperation. She had been caught in a downpour today, and her hair felt like an original Afro look. "I'm not coiffed, I'm not ..." "Oh, come on! If you knew how sick I am of a woman's groomed and cherished beauty! When you look natural, you give me great pleasure with it. Can I count on you, then?" "Perhaps, I don't know. I'll try to reach Paul and ..." Julien laughed confidently. "Of course you'll come, my little deer. See you later, I'll order dinner for us."