When the writing lesson was over, Griseldis went with Gilda to the castle. It was time to make toilet for the lunch table. At the table today, Countess Beate was somewhat friendlier to Griseldis. She even took it upon herself to talk to her in detail about Gilda's progress. She also praised her. Griseldis was very surprised that Beate was so friendly to her today. But she saw more sharply than Count Harro. She felt that the Comtesse's hostility was only cleverly concealed today, and that it was perhaps even stronger than usual. At the beginning of her being here, she had racked her brains as to why she was hated by the Comtesse. And she had tried to solve the mystery. For a long time she had not succeeded, until one day she finally found the solution very quickly. She had observed the Countess when she thought she was alone, looking behind Count Harro. And there she had seen a consuming passion flare up in her eyes. Since that hour she had known that the comtesse loved her cousin and that she probably hoped to become his second wife and to replace Gilda's mother. But when she saw that Gilda had set her heart on the new governess, when she saw that Count Harro was much occupied with her, jealousy must have awakened in her. Perhaps she saw in her an obstacle to her plans, and this made her spitefully confront her. During the lunch table, Count Harro said to Beate, "I miss on your hand, Beate, the string ring that Alice gave you. Don't you wear it anymore?" The Countess's voice sounded rough and heavy as she said, "I lost the ring this winter. It must have slipped from my hand and fallen into the snow. Despite all my searching, I couldn't find it again." "That's too bad. It was an original piece of jewelry," he said. Beate straightened up, as if happily having an embarrassing explanation behind her. "Well, I'll be happy to choose another ring for you to wear in memory of her from Alice's jewelry," the Count said good-naturedly. And then he pulled out a bunch of keys and placed them in front of Griseldis. "Here are the keys to my wife's rooms, Fräulein von Ronach. You may visit the same when you wish. But, please, give me back the keys. I would like to keep them in safekeeping myself." Griseldis took the keys. "I thank you very much, Count. If you will allow me, I will look at the rooms right away today, during the afternoon." During this conversation between Griseldis and the Count, Comtesse Beate had sat there transfixed, and only her glowing black eyes had gone from one to the other with an eerie lurking look. "Fräulein von Ronach wants to inspect your wife's rooms?" she asked now, hoarse with suppressed excitement. "And you permit this? You don't usually suffer anyone to enter these rooms, do you?" "Indeed I don't. From prying eyes they shall remain closed. You may enter them at any time, of course, Beate. Perhaps you will accompany Fräulein von Ronach through the rooms this afternoon." "No, no, I - I have no time today," she hastily groaned. "Well, then, you will be alone in these rooms with Gilda, Fräulein von Ronach, and you can see for yourself whether they correspond to your dreams." "Did Fräulein von Ronach then dream of your wife's rooms?" asked the Comtesse mockingly. "Yes, think of it, she saw Alice's bedroom in a dream - saw her herself, her blond braid around her neck - and even saw in a dream the string ring you lost," the Count replied harmlessly, without looking at Beate, as he was putting himself forward because the servant was serving a new course. But Griseldis looked at the comtesse and was startled to see that the latter's face became slack and wan, and the eyes assumed an almost lunatic look. "The string ring?" she stammered, "Yes, the one I asked for earlier. How long have you been missing it, anyway?" "I don't remember exactly." "If you'll allow me, Countess - I remember exactly the day you lost it," said Heinrich, the servant who was serving at the table. The comtesse gave the servant a flickering look and wanted to say something. "Well, Heinrich, when did it happen?" asked the Count. "It was the day we found the high-souled Countess dead in her bed, and here in the house everything was in confusion. I had just come from upstairs and my legs were shaking with fright. Then I met the Countess in the hall. She had come from outside. And she told me that she had lost a ring - the ring of strings. Probably she had lost it in the snow outside. It was also possible that she had lost the ring in the house. The Countess may remember that I said: "Oh, Countess, a much greater misfortune has happened, the Countess is dead." Griseldis could not take her eyes off the Countess. The Comtesse's countenance had a very disturbed expression. Griseldis looked down at her plate, pale and silent. She forced herself to chat with Gilda. Then dessert was served, and while Griseldis was presenting it to Gilda, Count Harro said casually, "I want to ask you, Beate, to send the key to the round tower over to my study later." Griseldis saw that the comtesse winced quietly. Count Harro noticed that, too. "What do you want with the key?" This was meant to sound equanimous, and the Count took it for that, but Griseldis felt as if the Comtesse's whole soul was in turmoil. Count Harro smiled. "What will I want with the key, Beate - to unlock the tower. We want to go up to the balcony. Fräulein von Ronach would like to have a look at the world from above." She - always she - how I hate her, Beate thought and struggled with all her might to remain calm and composed.