Corman went into the living room, picked up the phone and dialed Richard's number. As usual, only Richard's answering machine answered. It was one of his quirks to always hear who wanted to speak to him before deciding whether to take the call. "Corman here. Get back to me if they're there," he urged. "It's important. We need to do the surgery as soon as possible, I can't wait any longer. So pick up the phone already." Richards did not answer, so apparently was not at home. Corman waited until the connection was automatically disconnected after a minute, then hung up angrily. He thought for a few minutes, then had come to a decision. It was pointless for him to sit idly by and wait. At best, he ran the risk of being thwarted if that snoop and her companion returned, or if they actually called the police. Why should he wait until Richards called him? He might as well go straight to him. This way he not only avoided any danger of being exposed and stopped at the last moment, but also saved time. Boris Corman hurried to his basement laboratory. Here stood the twenty-liter canister he had filled with his serum. It was a special container made of aluminum and specially hardened steel, lined on the inside with glass and asbestos, and yet it was extremely light. That was all Corman needed. He knew he would not return from this expedition. Why should he? For the past two years, he had lived only for the moment when he would open the seal of the container and use it to exterminate the dinosaurs that had killed his family. When this happened, his life would have fulfilled its purpose. Then he could die reassured, perhaps to be reunited - if there was such a thing as an afterlife - with his wife and children. That his daughter Tippy had survived the attack of the Tyrannosaurus was no consolation to him. She had been in a coma in the hospital for two years now, and the doctors had made it clear to him that there was no saving her. It was possible to keep the small, helpless body alive with technical aids and artificial nutrition, but basically Tippy was as dead as Sandy, her twin sister. Those goddamned dinosaurs had killed her. A single tear ran down Boris Corman's cheek as he left his house for the last time with the canister full of the deadly serum in his hand.