The hatred for these creatures, who had killed his family, was his greatest driving force. However, there were other reasons as well. It had been known for a long time that DINO-LAND was spreading slowly but steadily. At the beginning the military had tried to keep this secret, but in the long run it had not been possible to hide it. After all, with each time quake an area of several dozen to several hundred square meters was affected. The dinosaurs, which had arrived in this way in the present, represented a deadly danger for mankind. If he managed to exterminate them already in the past, this danger was banished once and for all. Then never again humans would fall victim to the beasts. Certainly, there were many unknown factors and risks in his plan. What he had in mind ultimately amounted to a time paradox. After all, the dinosaurs had not gone extinct one hundred and thirty million years ago, but some sixty-five million years later. So if he wiped them out in the early Cretaceous, he was concretely intervening in the history of the earth, in the past. Theoretically, there was a danger that he would also change the present. If the dinosaurs died out so early, other animals would become the dominant species, also a completely different plant world would develop. Possibly, this development would mean that evolution would never produce humans - or, on the contrary, much earlier. A fascinating thought: What would happen if he enabled mankind to have an evolutionary advance of sixty-five million years in this way? Would he encounter the human of a distant future when he returned? To a species that had solved all problems and had long since colonized the universe? Nobody could say whether a time paradox was even possible and how it would turn out. If the news about the time swap was true, there had been interventions in the past for two years, after all, when a whole area of land had disappeared and been replaced by an area from the present. Then people now lived in the past and changed it with every step, every hand movement. Apparently, time was not as sensitive as had been believed until now. On the other hand ... was it perhaps possible that no paradox had yet been created at all, because everything had actually happened in exactly the same way? That, however, would inevitably mean that he could not change the past and would fail with his plan.