"What's that?" asked Richards suddenly, straightening up. Corman followed his line of sight. Two dark dots had appeared in the sky a little distance away and were approaching them with uncertain-looking movements. They might have been about two dozen feet high. Again Corman glanced at his watch. Two minutes to ten. The quake could begin at any moment, and the opportunity was more favorable than ever, for Richards was distracted. He grabbed the canister with one hand, held the rifle with the other, and pressed the muzzle into Richards' back. "A little change in our plans," he groaned. "I've decided not only to watch the quake, but to take the trip down memory lane. And I want to do it with you, since I can use some protection there, too." "What, you're crazy! You can't be serious ..." "Forward!" ordered Corman. "Go ahead, or do you want me to shoot you? Take a few steps out into the desert!" Something in his voice seemed to convince the hunter that he was bitterly serious. Hesitantly, Richards took a step forward, then another, until they had both left the edge of the forest. "Damn it, Corman, cut that shit out," Richards groaned. Panic rang in his voice. "We need to ..." He broke off, and at the same moment Corman felt the change, too. It was a strange sensation, a kind of tingling that gripped his entire body. The hairs on his skin straightened. The air suddenly seemed to crackle with electricity. In a flash, Richards wheeled around and knocked aside the rifle pointed at him. He gave Corman a jolt and threw himself back into the saving thicket of the forest with a mighty pike. From there he saw Corman lose the canister and, driven by the thrust, stagger a few steps farther out into the desert. In the next moment, something like a billowing veil seemed to settle in front of reality. Flashes of light flashed, seeming to trace everything with an iridescent flood of sparks. The desert blurred before Leo Richards' eyes - and with it Corman disappeared in the midst of dancing sparks. Where there had just been sand, ferns and massive primeval trees now peeled out of the flicker. A bizarre, long-gone time plane was superimposed on reality. For a moment, both worlds existed, then the desert began to fade. The time quake had torn the scientist into the past.