Steve Gardner did not show up for work that day until early afternoon. Just like Michael Atkinson, he was employed by Humanidyne, a private research laboratory that focused on paleontology. The lab was not doing too well financially, and accordingly the salaries were not particularly high. The chances of advancement were not rosy either; basically, they consisted mainly of being able to switch to one of the large, successful laboratories at some point. At least Humanidyne offered an excellent springboard for this. Many a scientist who had earned his first spurs here had later switched to industry and made a career there. Gardner was not particularly interested in this, and he also knew that his chances of doing so were no longer too good. He was already forty-two years old, and so far no one had tried to poach him. But more important to him than a career, anyway, was that he had a job that he enjoyed and that filled him up. In this respect, he felt very comfortable at Humanidyne, where he was given a great deal of freedom. This also included the fact that he did not cling too tightly to fixed working hours. It happened from time to time that a job had to be done urgently, and then he didn't mind working overtime until late at night. He was a bachelor and only loosely friends with one girl. A wife would certainly not have simply accepted that he often came home in the early hours of the morning. Last night, this had once again been the case. He had been commissioned by a museum to carry out a whole series of urgent analyses. In the middle of the night, his colleague Michael Atkinson, who was doing excavations in Death Valley, had arrived and asked him to analyze the age of characters on a horn plate he had found. At first, Steve had thought it was all a silly joke and, despite the shortage of time, had only gotten involved because he was good friends with Michael. He had by no means expected the sensational result to which the investigations had led. It turned out that the carved letters were already over one hundred million years old. It was not until late at night that Steve Gardner was able to complete all the examinations and therefore took the morning off the following day in order to be able to sleep in. As a result, he did not arrive at Humanidyne until noon. The knowledge of the incredible analysis he had performed for Michael Atkinson weighed on him like a heavy weight. The discovery was too outrageous. It was incredibly difficult for him to keep this knowledge to himself, but Michael had asked him not to tell anyone. With a heavy heart, Steve had finally agreed, but what it really meant not to tell anyone about what was perhaps the most sensational discovery he had made over the years, he only really realized when he reached the institute that day and prepared himself to have to pretend that nothing special had happened the whole time.