Things went better than Jeffrey Holder had expected. Despite the terrible experience that had just taken place two days ago, costing the life of a comrade and putting himself in the greatest danger, he felt no fear or even trepidation about sitting in the cockpit of a helicopter again and flying the plane. "Glad you made it through the whole thing so well," his companion's voice intruded into his thoughts through headphones. Bill Collins, at nearly fifty years old, was already a veteran in the Army. "I don't know if I could have mustered up enough strength to go right on with my service as if nothing had happened, either." "Was the only sensible thing to do," Holder returned. "Whatever you say. Though I don't quite understand why you passed up getting a few weeks off. Well, you should know. Mind if I take over again?" "Whatever." Collins, a gaunt man whose crew cut absolutely did not match his elongated, coarse-boned face, was the actual pilot of the helicopter; he had been assigned Holder merely as a co-pilot, but control of the machine could be switched to him at any time, which could be vital in case of danger. Jeffrey Holder, like Collins, worked for the Army. He flew patrol missions in a helicopter to control the borders of DINO-LAND, that piece of primeval land that had come over to the present a little over two years ago and had since grown to massive size. There were a lot of safety devices, nevertheless it happened every now and then that dinosaurs broke out of the jungle area. Two days ago, Holder had also flown such a mission with his previous partner, Thomas Burger. They had tried to drive a runaway Deinonychus back into the fence when two pterosaurs had attacked the helicopter. One of the animals had gotten caught in the rotor and crashed the aircraft. The Deinonychus had killed Burger, and Holder had also been a victim of the beast by a hair's breadth. His machine gun had jammed, and he would have been lost if a stranger had not suddenly appeared out of nowhere and killed the Deinonychus at the last moment with a well-aimed shot to the head with his rifle. It had been a very strange man, whose behavior strongly reminded of that of a psychopath. Again and again he had pointed out that Holder now owed him something and that he would eventually collect that debt. He had demanded that nothing of his intervention be known, and had even made some barely concealed threats before he had turned and walked away.