It almost broke Boris Corman's heart to say goodbye to Tippy, knowing full well that he would never come back. His daughter's condition had not changed, but that was not to be expected. The doctors had given up hope that she would ever come out of her catatonic state, but Corman had never been able to come to terms with it. Just a few days ago, they had even urged him to give his consent to turn off the machines that alone were still keeping the girl alive artificially, to which he had responded with a fit of rage. "Daddy won't be able to come now," he whispered in a choked voice as he held his daughter's hand. With his other hand, he stroked her cool, pale forehead. "The great moment has come at last. Now I will avenge you and Sandy and your mum." Tears came to his eyes and ran down his cheeks. He didn't bother to wipe them away. "But you don't have to worry, you'll still be taken care of. I've left a letter with my lawyer. All the money I have left will be used to continue to take care of you here. The house will also be sold and the money used for you. Hopefully it will last for a few years. I hope you do get well by then." It would certainly cause some commotion if the police broke into his house in a few days and discovered his laboratory in the basement. He had made no effort whatsoever to cover up the traces of his research. Why should he? By the time they missed him, he would have long since completed his task. And no one else would know where he was headed. Therefore, no one would be able to stop him. Carefully, Corman lifted his daughter a little and pressed her against him. She seemed as light as a feather to him. "I must go now, my little one," he murmured, kissing her once more as a farewell. "But I hope so much that you will get well again, though I shall probably never know it." Backing up, he left the room. Only when he had closed the door behind him did he wipe away his tears. He had finally finished with his previous life. Now nothing stood in the way of his trip to Richards.