As if the mention of the professor had been a cue, at that moment the door of the small cell wing was opened. Schneider came in and stepped up to the bars of her cell. "Get out of here! I want to talk to these people alone," he snapped at the uniformed military policeman in his company. He seemed to be in a rather bad mood, and his harsh words did not miss their effect. The soldier nodded hastily, turned back and closed the door behind him again. "I can't tell you how sorry I am about all this," Schneider turned to the two prisoners. "Then do something to get us out of here," Michael Atkinson demanded. "I'm afraid I can't do that," Schneider replied. "If it were up to me, you'd be released immediately, but Pounder is in charge here now. It's a pity Colonel Straiter isn't here; he might be able to do something. He's something of a military advisor and has some influence on Pounder, too." Schneider shrugged his shoulders. "Except, unfortunately, he's at some convention in Washington at the moment." "Can't you at least make sure we get out of this hole?" inquired Betty. "After all, we're not felons. Surely there must be some other way to house us in an escape-proof manner." "Sure," Schneider confirmed contritely. "But I'm afraid you brought it on yourself that Pounder brought you here. You've done quite a number on him, Miss Sanders, and I think for that he wants to let you both stew for the time being. But you can count on it, tonight at the latest you will be brought to reasonable quarters. That is, if you're still under arrest at all." Betty stepped up to the bars. "According to this, you think Pounder will change his mind after all?" "I don't think he'll have a choice," Schneider replied with an implied grin, scratching his head. "I got calls a few minutes ago from CNN and a couple of other TV stations inquiring whether we really have definite proof that the missing people were transported back in time and are still alive there. Somehow, something must have leaked out after all." His grin intensified. "Of course, I had to deny everything, but I'm afraid I wasn't too convincing. If you ask me, the news will be flickering across screens nationwide within the hour, and then there'll be no reason to hold you any longer." "Gardner," Michael groaned. "Steve was the only one who still knew about the message on the horn plate. He must have blabbed. Hell, I specifically asked him to keep it to himself. Instead, this idiot runs straight to the TV." He shook his head. "Didn't expect him to." "Don't be too hard on him," Schneider returned. "After all, it's not certain yet that he's the leak. And even if he is, he's unknowingly done you a big favor in this case. By the way, I've learned that Pounder has called in the FBI and your colleague has also been arrested." He glanced at his wristwatch. "I just wanted to tell you that for a minute. I've got to get back. Is there anything else I can do for you?" "You could bring us a TV," Michael replied. "If there's going to be coverage of my find, I'd like to watch it, too." Schneider laughed. "I hope you can watch the news as early as tonight in your hotel room," he said. He said goodbye, gave them another encouraging smile and left the cell wing. "Well, I guess there's really not much he can do," Michael muttered dejectedly. "But Steve can get some action. Even though we may only get out of here so quickly because of his talkativeness, I'm still disappointed in him." Betty shook her head with a smile. "I think you're barking up the wrong tree on both counts. I don't think your colleague is the leak." "But who else would? I haven't told anyone else about this." "If you ask me, the leak is sitting somewhere in this building, and I think I know which office, too." Michael thought about it for a few seconds. "Schneider?" he then inquired incredulously. "You think it would have been Professor Schneider?" "Apparently he likes General Pounder even less than I thought, but that's hardly likely to be the only reason. It's only a guess, and we'd better keep it nicely to ourselves, too. If it's really so, he's risked quite a lot for us." They sank back into silence, silently pursuing their thoughts. Betty stopped pacing from one side of the cell to the other and lowered herself onto the vacant cot.