"Up ahead!" exclaimed Betty excitedly, correcting her course by increasing the tilt of the kite's linkage. "That must be it!" A large niche was visible in the otherwise almost compass-drawn edge of the jungle. The gap seemed to be just waiting to be filled by another timequake with a piece of primeval jungle as well. Betty headed straight for it. When Michael also changed his course to follow her, he increased the angle of inclination too much and almost crashed. He sank several feet lower before managing to intercept the kite. Betty spotted two people emerging from the edge of the forest. They could only be Boris Corman and the man who had called him that afternoon. One of the two was threatening the other with a rifle. Apparently Corman's companion had only now learned of the scientist's true intentions and was not necessarily enthusiastic about them. Betty headed directly for the two men when the one in front suddenly wheeled around, gave the other a powerful shove, and fled back into the jungle with a long leap. At the same moment Betty also felt the change. Something was happening around her, and for a second or two she was paralyzed with shock and fascination. Something like an invisible hand seemed to brush over her body. Electricity filled the air, countless sparkles of light born of it danced before her. Only now did she truly understand what was happening. "Back!" she screamed, jerking her dragon around so abruptly that now she was a hair away from crashing, but it was of no use to her. They had arrived too late, only by a few minutes, but still too late, and moreover, they were now caught in the middle of the time quake. The desert beneath them blurred and seemed to dissolve. She could no longer care for Michael, only try to get herself to safety. As fast as she could, she shot along, but the kite was not designed for particularly high speeds, only for a rather leisurely glide in the air. She knew it was already too late for her, too, but the thought was too horrifying for her to face. It felt as if she were being overtaken by a gigantic tidal wave, only here she wasn't dealing with water, but with something completely alien. Her pursuit of Boris Corman had unintentionally taken her farther than she had ever been willing to go. Almost one hundred and thirty million years further! Unimaginably immense, yet invisible except for the silvery sparkles of light, forces reached for her, seized her, and permeated her body. Her environment dissolved as if behind a veil of shimmering heat. Betty felt as if she were floating in a sea of blinding brightness. It was not even an unpleasant feeling. Then there was nothing more.