"It's incredible," Professor Sondstrup whispered almost reverently as he walked up and down beside the motionless Seismosaurus. "Thirty-nine meters, and the missing tail piece might have measured a good two meters as well, more likely more," he said. "It's likely that we're really looking at a specimen of the largest animal genus that ever existed on Earth." Even after they had driven the Seismosaurus to change direction with the stun grenades, the giant had held on for several more minutes, trudging on for a good quarter of a mile, though without endangering anyone. In the process, he had become slower and slower until the anesthetic had finally taken full effect. Once again, the earth-shaker had lived up to his name when he had slumped to his knees and then collapsed completely, only to lie unconscious shortly thereafter. In the end, the dose of anesthetic had been high enough to put an entire herd of elephants to sleep. Only after the soldiers had made sure that there was no longer any danger from the animal had Sondstrup landed, and other scientists and veterinarians had also arrived. They had examined the dinosaur thoroughly, but above all they had taken care of the tail wound from which the Seismosaurus was still losing blood. The injury was too bad for the bleeding to stop on its own, and even the giant would die sooner or later from blood loss if they did not help it. The classical medical methods all had to fail here. Even at the point where the end had been severed, the tail still measured more than half a meter. The limb would have had to be tied off, but this was just as impossible with this enormous girth as any other form of pressure compresses or the like. The only viable solution had almost turned Sondstrup's stomach in disgust, but it had worked. They had used a blowtorch to cauterize the wound and at the same time seal the open veins and veins. The image of the flames licking over the cut was still before Sondstrup's eyes, and the smell of burnt flesh still hung in the air, but at least there was no longer any danger of the dinosaur bleeding to death. This, however, was far from solving the problems. After all, they couldn't just leave the dinosaur lying here.
