He broke off when the door was pushed open so forcefully that it slammed against the wall. A uniformed man came storming into the office. His rank insignia identified him as a four-star general. He was slightly overweight, and his flushed face indicated that he seemed prone to high blood pressure and choleric fits. "Schneider, have you completely lost your mind -" he rumbled off, but fell silent when he saw the other visitors in the office. "They are still here, very good." "May I introduce you to each other? This is General Pounder, the military commander-in-chief of this project," Schneider said calmly. It was unmistakable that he was not particularly sympathetic to the general. "And this is Miss Sanders from TIME-LIFE magazine and Mister Atkinson. He's a paleontologist, and he's the one who found the horn plate with the message on it, which you must have come here for." "Indeed I am," Pounder confirmed. With a nod of his head, he indicated a greeting. "First, the most important question, Mister Atkinson. Who knows about this piece of bone besides you?" "A horn plate, sir," Michael corrected. "Besides us, all I have is ..." "Don't tell me!" interrupted Betty. Her suspicion was abruptly awakened. She did not like the question, but especially the lurking way Pounder had asked it. It seemed suspicious to her that he didn't seem the least bit interested in the record itself, but only in who all knew about it. Moreover, he made no effort to maintain even a semblance of friendliness. She could literally smell the anger in the air. The general gave the impression that he despised civilians just as much as Betty, conversely, didn't much appreciate military men. "Why don't you start by telling us why you want to know?" The general wheeled around and pointed his finger at her. "You stay out of this!" he snapped at her. "I'll get to you later." "Then I'll have something to look forward to." Betty calmly withstood his angry stare. "But first, I'd like to know what I'm supposed to be staying out of, and why, and second, what all this fuss is about, anyway. We've brought you proof of something you've been in the dark about for two years, but instead of showing some gratitude, you come storming in acting like we stole an atomic bomb out from under you. So before we answer any of your questions, we'd like to know what kind of game is being played here." She cast a quick glance around the room. Michael Atkinson had gone a shade paler, but nodded in agreement. Schneider had leaned back in his chair and put his feet back on the desk. He tried in vain to hide a grin; he seemed extraordinarily amused by the argument. Pounder had his mouth open and was gasping for air like a fish out of water. Apparently no one had dared speak to him like that in a long time. "That's ... watch your mouth!" he groaned angrily. "You shouldn't get carried away, Miss Sanders! The matter is much more serious than you might think. So once again, who knows about the message on the piece of bone?" "I'm a journalist," Betty countered. "There are laws that guarantee freedom of the press as well as whistleblower protection." "I don't care about that," Pounder returned coldly. Two military police soldiers appeared behind him at the doorway. "This is a matter of national security, behind which your freedom of the press must take a back seat. Why are you making it unnecessarily difficult for yourself and me? I'll find out what I want to know sooner or later. I already have a name: Steve Gardner, who did the initial analysis. Now, finally, tell me if you've told anyone else." Betty wrinkled her face disparagingly. "A prehistoric find is supposed to endanger national security? You're making a fool of yourself. What happens if we refuse to name names? Will you have us arrested then?" She made an effort to make her voice sound deliberately mocking, but her sarcasm bounced off General Pounder. He continued to remain serious. "I will anyway," he declared. "A willingness on your part to cooperate I would have interpreted as a sign of good will, but I can do otherwise. It seems to me that you still haven't grasped your situation. I can't allow you to leak your knowledge to the public. Therefore, consider yourself temporarily detained." "But -" Michael Atkinson swallowed hard. He had gone white as a sheet. Dumbfounded, he stared at the general. "But we haven't done anything forbidden!" Betty jumped up from her chair. "You can't do that!" she hissed, "you have no right to do that at all!" "Oh yes I have," Pounder asserted. "You're on military property here, and I've already said it's a matter of national security, which gives me the power to override your civilian rights for the time being. Guards, take these two away." "You're going to regret this!" groaned Betty as one of the two military police officers approached her. "I'll sue you so hard you'll lose your hearing!" "That's up to you," Pounder replied. "Later, when you are at large again. But I'm afraid that will take some time."