"No answer," Betty stated resignedly, hanging up the phone again. "They won't put me through." She had tried to call Professor Schneider, but had only been told that he had already gone home, and despite her insistence that it was really important, they had refused to give her his home number. A call to the information desk had also been of no use; Schneider had a secret number. Afterwards, she had tried to reach General Pounder, although without too much hope. She had been put through to his secretary, who had claimed that the general was in conference and did not want to be disturbed. Again, Betty's protestations that it was tremendously important had been to no avail. When she had started to explain to the secretary what they had found out, she had summarily hung up. "Those bigoted idiots!" scolded Michael. "It may be that Corman will actually succeed yet, just because the bureaucracy prevents us from warning people, and because that hare-brained Pounder is mad at us." He shook his head bitterly. "Reminds me of the movie Dr. Strangelove, or How I Learned to Love the Bomb. There's a man who needs a coin to prevent World War III by making a phone call, and can only with difficulty persuade his companion to break open a Coke vending machine because the man fears he'll be turned in by the Coca Cola company because of it." He slammed his fist on the table. "There must be someone we can warn. If we can't reach anyone involved with DINO-LAND, we'll just have to turn to the police." "Pointless," Betty asserted. "Who would believe us if we told them a man was on his way to be transported back in time to wipe out all the dinosaurs with a poison of his own devising? They would think we were crazy." "But we have to at least try," Michael urged. "I hope they will at least send a car here. Then we can show the cops the lab in the basement and ..." "- and give hours of explanations until they get some chemist to check the formula, because nobody wants to make a fool of themselves before then by going to the military with such a flimsy story," Betty interrupted him. "By then, everything will be long too late. And if a policeman actually calls, he'll probably talk to Pounder, and if he hears we're involved, he probably won't do anything either." She sighed. "As it is, the best we can do is try to stop Corman ourselves." "We?" Michael grimaced. He looked despondent. "And how are we going to do that?" "Well, we know where and when the timequake will occur. So Corman will be there at that time. There's plenty of time for us to go there, too. Then all we have to do is somehow prevent him from opening the canister and traveling back in time, by force if necessary." "But to do that, we'd have to get past the fence first," Michael objected. "And that would set off alarms immediately. With a little bad luck, we'd be arrested, and by the time we explained everything, it would be too late." "Could happen," Betty conceded. "So we have to manage to get over the barriers undetected." She dropped back into an armchair and propped her head in her hands. For a few minutes she pondered in silence, then her face brightened. "I have an idea," she groaned. "Tell me, do you know anything about flying kites?"