In the meantime, military security forces had arrived there and tried to prevent chaos. Some of the visitors had come in their own cars and were now fleeing in a hopeless panic. The first accidents had already occurred. Several cars had wedged themselves into each other and blocked the road. Most of the tourists, however, had arrived in buses, to which they were now rushing back. It was only thanks to the intervention of the security forces that the people did not trample each other in their panic before the onrushing seismosaurus. And that was still the lesser evil. It was becoming increasingly clear that not all the tourists would get away in time. Some of them were obviously tired of life, because in front of the telescopes there was still a big crowd, and at the railings there were more people with cameras and video cameras. Obviously, they were not even aware of the deadly danger - or were already so influenced by the omnipresent reality television that they simply accepted the danger just to take some sensational pictures. Probably the last ones of their lives. Somehow the dinosaur had to be stopped. If it could not be stunned in time, it had to be killed if necessary to save human lives, as painful as the thought was for Sondstrup. With the helicopters' heavy on-board weapons, it would be no problem to take out even this giant, although deep down Sondstrup was reluctant to kill such a majestic, awe-inspiring animal. "We have to do something," the pilot urged. The Seismosaurus was barely two hundred meters from the towers, and there was nothing to suggest that the stunner would work in time. "We have no choice but to shoot it down, or the people are lost." "We'll make one last attempt," Sondstrup decided. As a scientist, he didn't actually possess military command authority, yet he was left with the final decision. "Let's use stun grenades. Pass it on to the other pilots; have them stand by. We'll detonate four grenades a few meters in front of it at two-second intervals. If the animal doesn't change its direction then, shoot it immediately. A well-aimed machine-gun salvo at its head should be sufficient." "Roger that." The pilot relayed the instruction to the other helicopters. It took them only a few seconds to get into the right position. The co-pilot of one of the helicopters was already sighting the dinosaur's head with the machine gun for safety, so he could fire immediately if the attempt failed. The first stun grenade exploded a short distance in front of the Seismosaurus. A second sun seemed to flare up just above the desert floor. The dinosaur roared to life, but it changed direction only slightly to avoid the glare. The second grenade exploded. Again the Titan let out a loud roar. He was now running even faster than before and had again changed his direction slightly, but still nowhere near far enough. The third grenade brought him to a stop. Almost like a thoroughbred horse, he reared back. He braced himself up on his pillar-like hind legs, but the first effect of the stun darts was now showing. He no longer possessed enough strength to complete the movement, and fell forward again. "We'll make it!" gasped Professor Sondstrup. The fourth shell finally drove the Seismosaurus into flight. Still roaring, the beast charged off in a direction that veered at a sharp angle from its previous course and would take it far past the observation towers and the rest of the facility. "It worked!" groaned Sondstrup. "Now fire more stun darts at him. At some point, even this colossus must have had enough!"