 At first he had proudly and vehemently denied any guilt, angrily looked at his accusers and demanded belief for his words, as a good right. But during the nerve-wracking investigation, after the torture of endless interrogations, he had become more and more dull and obtuse. He could not understand that his words were not believed, and yet he himself was horrified to see that ever new suspicions seemed to testify against him. Terrible days he had lived until he learned to submit to the inevitable! For lack of evidence! That dreadful sentence rang in his ears continually. He had been found neither guilty nor innocent. But everyone who faced him henceforth was allowed to think: "You will probably be guilty after all, and only a lucky circumstance has saved you." Count Harro had been accused of the murder of his young wife, Countess Alice. Few had wept for the beautiful but capricious and often spiteful Countess. She was one of those spoiled, obstinate women who claimed for themselves the motto: "Whatever pleases is permitted," and who granted their fellow men a right to exist only to the extent that they aided and abetted their whims. He had had hell on earth next to this woman, and those around her felt that she deserved her tragic end. Those who were not close to her considered her a charming woman. In society, she always gave herself amiably. Count Harro, before she was his wife, had also only seen the amiable face and fallen in love with it. She knew how to charm men, for she was beautiful and full of grace. As soon as it suited her, she was not too particular about marital fidelity. Count Harro had constantly tried to change her during his marriage, but it had all been in vain. If he said something she didn't like, she covered her eyes, stomped her feet, or even threw some object at him with an angry gesture, just as she not infrequently let herself be carried away to assault her subordinates. It seemed to be her need to annoy her husband, to torment him, and for this reason, not out of any real need, she got entangled in all kinds of coquetries and laughed ugly when he forbade her to do so. Therefore, many scenes had occurred from which Count Harro suffered more than his heartbroken wife. In summer the couple lived at Treuenfels Castle, in winter they went to the residence to join societies and court festivities. Then Countess Alice shone in the jewelry of the famous Treuenfels family diamonds and pearl strings. They then lived in the Treuenfels Palace, which had belonged to the family for centuries, just like the Treuenfels Castle and County. Here the countess organized brilliant parties. Countess Alice herself came from a very rich family of counts, and her husband was one of the wealthiest noblemen in the duchy. He did not mind if she spread money around with her hands full, even if he did not approve of it. But he forbade her coquettish maneuvers as unworthy. She mocked him and did as she pleased. So it had been again last winter. But this time she overstepped the bounds of his long-suffering. A young foreign prince staying at the ducal court had fallen in love with the beautiful Countess Alice, and she was tempted to favor him and allow him more liberties than her other suitors. One evening, when Count Harro returned home from a gentlemen's party earlier than was expected, he found his wife in a very tender position with the young prince. In his anger, he made use of his domiciliary right towards the prince - it was wanted to know that he had struck him in the face with a riding whip to repay the insult done to him. In any case, the servants heard an excited scene between the count and countess, and Count Harro, in his anger, had uttered terrible threats. He forced his wife to return with him to Treuenfels Castle that very evening. Thus the count and countess unexpectedly returned to Treuenfels that evening. There, the little Countess Gilda had stayed behind with her Swiss governess and her attendant, for the Countess did not like to be disturbed in her pleasure by motherly duties. In addition, the Countess Beate von Treuenfels, a relative of Count Harro, was staying at the castle. She was thirty years old and came from an impoverished side line of the family. Count Harro had taken her in compassionately and offered her a home. When on that winter evening the count and countess returned so unexpectedly from the residence, Comtesse Beate knew at once that there had been another storm between the couple. It also came once again to a violent scene between Harro and his wife. The servants had heard the count exclaim, "This must end - and should it be an end with terror!" After that the Countess had been left alone, no one had been in her rooms but the Countess's maid, who remained in the antechamber until morning, waiting in vain for the Countess to give her permission to go to rest. Such inconsideration was nothing new to the maid. And the next morning the Countess Alice was found dead in her bed. An investigation revealed that she had been poisoned. Countess Alice drank a glass of heavy wine every evening because she believed she could not fall asleep any other way. That evening was no exception. The maid had filled the glass and placed it on the bedside cabinet next to the Countess' bed, so that it would be ready for her. In the bottle, from which the maid had poured the wine, only a remainder had been left, and this remainder the maid had sent down to the kitchen. There it had later been confiscated by the investigating commission, and the investigation had shown that there was no poison in this rest of wine. But in the almost emptied wine glass next to the countess's camp, an exotic poison had been found. Although Count Harro, when he was called to his wife's camp, had knocked over the wine glass in his excitement, so that the rest flowed out of the glass, they had still been able to examine this rest and had accused the Count of having knocked over the wine glass on purpose in order to cover the traces of his crime. For he had been accused of the poison murder of his wife. The poison, traces of which were found in the wine glass, came from the count's possession. He had brought it back from a trip to India and always kept it locked away in a secret compartment of his desk. No one but he knew where this secret compartment was and how to open it. The poison was in a precious crystal bottle. Count Harro had to admit that when he acquired it, it was filled to the top with the poison. A few weeks before the death of his wife, he had shown it to a few people, namely his wife, his friend, Baron Fritz Dalheim, and his cousin, Countess Beate. Baron Dalheim had to testify in court that on that day the vial had still been completely filled, while the Count's relative, the Countess, had refused to testify. When the vial was confiscated, it was only two-thirds full; it was doubtless that someone had taken from it. Since no one existed who knew the secret compartment, and Count Harro had to admit that he had never given the vial into other hands and had been severely irritated by his wife the night before and had uttered all kinds of threats, there were enough moments to accuse him. Nor was it possible to think of the Countess committing suicide, for, in the first place, she was a very vivacious woman, and, in the second place, the poison had not been accessible to her. Thus the chain of evidence could have been closed against the count, if there had not been one circumstance in his favor. The Countess's maid testified under oath that she had poured the wine into the glass only after Count Harro had left his wife. She claimed that the count had not returned, that no one else had been in the countess's rooms, that she had spent the night in the antechamber, and that the countess's chambers had no other entrance than through this antechamber. But the judges doubted whether the maid had not slept a little. Then the count could have returned again unnoticed. On the basis of this testimony, however, he could not be considered convicted. So he was acquitted for lack of evidence. After all, said the defense lawyer, it was possible that the Countess had committed suicide and gained access to the secret compartment without the knowledge of her husband. But no one in the company believed in the suicide of the beautiful Countess Alice, despite the fact that many things had come to light during the trial, which cast a strange light on her "loveliness". In any case, there was something mysterious about the affair, and it was finally whispered to each other that the investigation would probably be quashed, because otherwise the foreign prince would have been dragged into the matter. But that was not to be. In any case, it was a very fatal matter for the higher circles. Count Harro Treuenfels was now a dead man for society. And he knew that very well. This certainty drove him to Treuenfels after his release from the remand prison. He longed for the solitude of his castle and for his tenderly loved little daughter, whom he had not seen again in all that time.