 When Beate had locked Griseldis into the dark cavity by quickly slamming the door, she cried out loudly in horror. She knew immediately that this was an attempt on her life. The comtesse's eyes, twinkling as if in madness, had told her so. And she knew that the strong door, which had a sound-absorbing filling between a wooden and an iron wall, could not be opened from the inside. Griseldis told herself that the Comtesse wanted to leave her here in this hollow to die of suffocation or starvation. She had always been a brave, undaunted creature, but this realization still made her blood curdle in her veins. She cringed in a terrible fear. She could expect no mercy from the countess. I must try to open the door to the closet so that I don't suffocate, she thought. But, unfortunately, she had not carried an armchair into the cavity. And so she could not get as far as the lock that she could open it. No matter how hard she tried to climb up the smooth wooden wall, she kept slipping down. And now she thought she could feel her breath catching. Fortunately, the room was quite high, so the air in it was not consumed too quickly. But she could not collect her thoughts. She called loudly for help - called the name of her beloved, as if it must summon him, until she became quite hoarse. But nobody heard her. It was eerily silent and dark around her. Finally she sank down, powerless with fear and excitement. And then she suddenly felt her flashlight. And suddenly an idea came to Griseldis. If she knocked on the wooden wall with the lamp? Admittedly, the walls of the castle were strong and so were those of the tower. But still - the knocking would be heard rather than her shouting. And she knocked on the wooden wall with the housing of the lamp. It sounded hollow and eerie. Breathlessly, she listened. But the heavy silence around her was interrupted by nothing. Again she knocked on the wooden wall. Again she listened in vain. A few hours could have passed since she was trapped.