And since she did not reach her goal, one evening she examined the closet in her room very carefully. She had locked herself in and carefully scanned the entire inner wall of the closet, because she was convinced that there was a connection to the tower up here with her just as there was with the Countess downstairs. Griseldis had an electric flashlight. She took out this flashlight and shone it into the closet. And she decided that from now on she would always carry this flashlight with her. Because if one day she succeeded in discovering the cavities, she had to have an illumination with her. Now she used it to illuminate every spot of the closet. And there, at the very back in the pointed corner, she discovered a tiny wooden peg that protruded a little. At first she thought it was a knothole. But then she grabbed it. She tried to pull it out. She couldn't. Then she pressed firmly on it. It did not give. Finally she tried to move it to the side, and when she pushed it even more into the acute angle, suddenly the bottom of the closet gave way like a flap, lay smoothly against the wall. Griseldis had let out a soft call. Startled, she listened back to her room. Countess Beate lived next door to her room. She was not allowed to hear anything. Griseldis breathed a deep sigh of relief. And now she shone her flashlight down into the cavity. If someone was standing in this cavity, he could hardly reach down to the bottom of the closet with his arms outstretched. But she made a more important discovery first. On the tower side, she saw the outline of a door in the cavity. It appeared to be thick, no lock of any kind was visible on it. But a door it was, the approximate size of the dolphin's frame. Griseldis breathed deeply and heavily. Her hunch had not deceived her. This discovery gave new food to her suspicions. She now tried to close the bottom of the closet again. At first she did not succeed. But finally she succeeded by stabbing a pair of scissors into the wood and pulling the bottom up until it snapped back into the lock. Very excited, she now went to her camp. And it was a comforting feeling to her that the tower key was in her possession.