 When Count Harro had changed his clothes, he went down to the dining room. As he entered, a tall female figure in black clothes turned to look at him. She had been standing at the window, looking out with staring eyes into the raging storm. It was Countess Beate. Her face was pale to the lips. It was not unattractive, but her features had something hard, almost masculine about them, through the large, boldly protruding nose and the tartly closed mouth. Matching the jet-black hair were the black eyes, now fixed on Count Harro with a burning gaze. They betrayed that much untamed passion dwelt in the soul of this girl. Comtesse Beate numbered plenty of thirty years, and being poor, no man had ever desired her for a wife. Until she came to her cousin's house, she had never felt more for a man than a passing pleasure. But when she saw Count Harro, something flared up in her that set her whole soul in turmoil. With all the passion of her character she fell in love with him. It was of no use that she told herself that he was the husband of another. Only this love burned deeper and deeper into her lonely soul. She told herself that no one should suspect anything of her feelings, least of all Count Harro himself. If Count Harro had been happily married, she would not have been able to watch it in the long run. But this way she saw that the couple was drifting apart more and more, and she tried to be something to Count Harro. She showed him that he would find participation and understanding with her. But he did not seek either from her and did not meet her halfway, since she was not even particularly sympathetic to him. He felt nothing for her and had only taken her into his house after the death of her father because he did not want a Comtesse Treuenfels to earn her bread from strangers. Beate, however, secretly worshipped him and hated his wife, who tormented him. She hated her because she possessed everything she herself desired to possess. But she never betrayed anything of her hatred and love. And now Countess Alice was dead - no matter in which way it had happened. Count Harro was free, had returned home an ostracized man. She knew he would be shunned by his peers. For lack of evidence that was not much better than a "guilty" verdict. He would now have to live alone, have no one to lean on. She alone would stand faithfully by his side. Now he was no longer unattainably above her. The proud man was humiliated, and his wealth did him no good. If she proceeded wisely now, perhaps the loneliness of his heart would drive him into her arms. Count Harro looked at the comtesse affectedly. It struck him how much she had changed in the time of his absence, as if she had been seriously ill. "Good evening, Beate! I already believed that you had left Treuenfels in order not to have to live under one roof with an outcast." Then she came quickly around the table toward him and held out her hand - a somewhat large and strong, but beautifully formed hand. "I believe in you, Harro! And if the whole world were against you. Even if you were condemned, if you had said yourself that you were guilty, I would not have believed it." "I must try to find out the truth. No other purpose in life have I left but this." "And the child?" she asked softly. "My little Gilda! For her, first and foremost, I must live. She needs me. Her destiny is bound up with mine. By the way, the first thing I did when I returned this evening was to dismiss Mademoiselle Perdunoir. She has never seemed to me the proper person to direct my daughter's education. I intend to give Gilda a German governess." "I can only approve of your move. Mademoiselle is a frivolous fool, and I have had to watch her very closely in your absence." He held out his hand to her across the table. "I thank you for your help, Beate. It almost shames me - for I have thought little of you." "That's so understandable. You had other things on your mind." "Indeed - and not pleasant ones. I would like to know, Beate, what thoughts you have had about the death of my wife. Have you tried to explain the same to yourself?" "It is my firm conviction that Alice gave herself death." "But why should she have done so?" She hesitated. Then she said quickly, "Alice was a very high-spirited and unpredictable woman. She often behaved quite nonsensically. Such persons lose all clear thought in their excitement. Certainly she was not sane that evening. She knew that she had done something that you could not forgive her for. She had been convicted by you, and for the first time you had been hard and angry with this spoiled creature. Then, in a stubborn defiance coupled with embarrassment, she must have playfully thought of dying. Perhaps she wanted to frighten you, perhaps she did not quite believe in the effect of the poison." "Of course, if it were really as you have imagined, I have no prospect of ever proving my innocence. The dead are silent. But let's not go into that tonight. I still wanted to thank you for being so prudent in making sure that Gilda didn't find out about all these bad things. And isn't it true that as long as I have no governess for Gilda, you will take a little care of her?" "You can rely on me completely, Harro. I will care for your child like a faithful mother. - But now I want to have dinner served first. You will be hungry." Almost in silence they took the meal, and when it was finished, Count Harro rose. "Forgive me for being so taciturn, Beate, but I have almost forgotten how to speak during these weeks in custody. Good night, Beate - I would like to retire. And have thanks again for your faithfulness and belief in me." With that, he bowed and left the room. Although Beate had been so kind to him, he could find no satisfaction in her company. He reproached himself for it, but she was not sympathetic to him.