Calmly, she now followed Comtesse Beate to the second floor. From the staircase, there was a long, wide corridor leading down. The last rooms on this corridor were intended for her. They were directly above Countess Alice's apartments, and the bedroom intended for Griseldis was above the Countess's bedroom and death chamber. This room, like the one below, also adjoined the round tower. But also from here no connecting door led to this one. Next to the bedroom was the living room intended for Griseldis. Both rooms were very large and furnished with beautiful old furniture. Splendidly preserved parquet flooring shone in the sunlight streaming in through the window. Adjacent to these two rooms were the rooms that Countess Beate occupied. But Griseldis did not know that, of course. The Countess, however, had immediately taken this circumstance into consideration. In this way she could keep a close watch on the governess. "Here are your rooms, Fräulein von Ronach. Your luggage will be brought up immediately. You can unpack and settle in first. The Count will not greet you until tea, which will be taken at five o'clock. So you have two hours. I will have a servant meet you at five o'clock and take you down to the tea room." When Griseldis was alone, she first looked around her new realm. The two rooms were like little halls and, in Griseldis' opinion, wonderfully and almost princely furnished. Her bright delight was triggered by the large four-poster bed, in which she could just as well have lain crosswise, so wide was it. A heavy canopy with a gilded frame, rigid damask curtains held in place by thick cords and tassels. The bed, as in Countess Alice's bedroom below, stood with its head end against the wall abutting the tower. All the other furniture also had this splendid character. Surely these had once been stately rooms, for they seemed far too precious to Griseldis for a paid employee of the house. Of course, she had no idea of the splendor and magnificence that reigned in this feudal old castle. Soon her belongings were stowed away. Her few modest jewels, which were of very little value, she put on the bedside cabinet next to her bed, together with the box in which she kept them. While standing in front of the bedside cabinet, she saw above it an oil painting of a lady in medieval costume. It was about half a meter wide and three quarters of a meter high and had a gold frame with whimsical ornaments and scrolls. The picture was very darkened, and actually only the smiling face shone out from under the wide hat. The picture had to be very old and had probably been hanging in this place for a long, long time. Griseldis wanted to move the frame a little aside to see what the wallpaper under the picture looked like, and whether it had always had the somewhat faded but pleasant shade. But that's when she noticed that the picture couldn't be moved. It didn't seem to be hanging on a hook, but pinned down all around. Griseldis looked around for other pictures. But they were all hung properly on eyelets and hooks. Why might the picture above the bedside cabinet be fastened so differently? Griseldis looked at it with interest and stroked her fingers over the droll ornaments. It looked as if a myriad of tiny dolphins were curling into each other and biting each other's tails. Griseldis smiled and ran her index finger from one dolphin to the next, memorizing the ornament. And when, amused, she again pressed such a dolphin on the head, she suddenly saw, startled, that this dolphin backed away and detached itself from the tangle. At the same moment, however, she heard a soft snapping sound, and suddenly she stretched out her hands in fright. The image was moving toward her. It stepped out of the wall like a door. Griseldis now saw, to her astonishment, that there was a closet behind the picture. The picture was, in a sense, the door to the closet. Griseldis now had to laugh at her fright. She looked at the closet. The opening was covered with cobwebs. Surely the closet had not been opened in long, long years. She removed the cobwebs and looked inside the closet. It had a peculiar shape, wide on one side and pointed on the other. The sloping back wall, the ceiling and the floor were made of wood. That there was an empty space under the closet was evidenced by a peculiar hollow sound when Griseldis knocked on the floor. This little cupboard has certainly never been used, because it is so dusty. The servants may not know of its existence. I will clean it and store my jewelry in it, she thought gleefully. She quickly cleaned the cabinet with paper and a boot cloth, then put the box with her jewelry inside. Then she closed the door. She enjoyed trying the mechanism a few more times. It worked flawlessly. But she had to remember the dolphin she had to push down, otherwise she would have to search a long time each time until she found it in the tangle. And she simply made a tiny cross on the dolphin with a soft pencil. Griseldis checked her watch. She still had an hour to go. "What am I going to wear?" she asked, like any daughter of Eve, with important concern. At length she reflected. She had never been so particular before. But she wanted to make a pleasant impression on Count Treuenfels. Finally, she chose a pretty, but very simple little dress made of soft, black silk. Quickly she got ready. She also arranged her wonderful, golden shimmering tresses once again. It was not an easy job, it took time and effort. But it was important to her to look good. And so she did her hair, as she was used to.