A while later Griseldis followed the servant who called her to tea. It was a long way down corridors and stairs that she had to travel, and she thought to herself, "You won't find your way back to your room alone." At last she had reached her destination. The servant pulled back a curtain and let her enter a high, wide chamber with a large bay window extension. At the bay's center window stood a tall, slender male figure. Next to her, Countess Gilda was bobbing up and down in an armchair, happily chatting with her father while looking out the window. In the middle of the room, however, stood the tall, black figure of Countess Beate, and she looked toward Griseldis. Griseldis had no idea what feelings were in Beate's heart when she saw the charming appearance of the young governess before her. Instinctively she felt that such an appearance must excite the pleasure of every man. And before Count Harro had even glanced at the governess, the Countess was wildly jealous of the beautiful girl. But she conquered herself and said, in a brittle, hoarse voice, but not unkindly: "Come closer, Fräulein von Ronach, so that I can introduce you to the Count." At these words, father and daughter turned quickly. Gilda jumped down from the armchair and ran toward Griseldis. "Ah, at last you are here! Papa - Papa - there's Griseldis!" she exulted. Count Treuenfels came down into the room from the bay window. He fixed his gray eyes large and full upon the young lady. Griseldis' sight touched him strangely. So plain and simple in bearing and manner she stood before him, and yet as proud and graceful as a young queen. As if magnetically attracted, he looked at the magnificent golden blond hair. Griseldis looked strangely excited and moved into the narrow, distinguished man's face. It no longer corresponded to the picture that her mother Anna had shown her. The joyful, laughing exuberance had disappeared from those eyes, from that face. There before her stood a man whom the storms of life had matured. His eyes and the harshly closed mouth had forgotten how to laugh. But nothing of guilt lay on that noble countenance. Griseldis felt her heart beating in her chest. She felt as if it must be an unparalleled joy to be able to do something for this man that would make his suffering seem more bearable. And she knew right then and there that her heart's hour of destiny had struck. A fine red rose in her face as she bowed to him. Beate had introduced her. The latter had watched the two people with eerie flickering eyes, and with the shrewdness of jealousy she grasped that Count Harro was looking with pleasure on Griseldis. Count Harro had bowed to Griseldis. He did not extend his hand to her. Since his return home, he never offered his hand to anyone because he harbored an almost morbid fear that his hand might be rejected. "I welcome you to Treuenfels, Fräulein von Ronach, and hope that you will feel reasonably comfortable here." "I hope so too, Count, and I find Schloss Treuenfels so splendid and so beautiful that I must feel at home here. If I can satisfy you with my services, there is nothing left for me to desire here," she said freshly. Harro listened to her words with a feeling as if it must be easier to breathe near this young creature. Wistfully he remembered the time when he, too, had looked so gladly and brightly into life. "I shall be glad if you always like it here and if you endure with my child, who needs a happy companion even more than a governess." Gilda clung to Griseldis' arm. "And you and Griseldis may I say to you, because you allowed it. I asked Papa right away, and he doesn't mind." Griseldis put her arm around Gilda's shoulder and pressed her gently against her. "I hope we'll be quite good friends, Comtesse Gilda." "No - you can't! I must protest against the Comtesse, Fräulein von Ronach. If you will permit Gilda to call you by your first name and you, you must not under any circumstances put the ceremonial Comtesse before her name. And it is very important to me that my daughter comes to a confidential - point of view with you. You shall watch over her like a mother. You will get the necessary respect, if once they do not get through with love and kindness." "Count, I will gladly do without respect and educate only with love. With love you can achieve anything." He looked at her like a strange miraculous being. "With love you can achieve anything." "May I ask for tea," Beate's voice sounded harsh and brittle in this conversation. Harro and Griseldis winced at the same time. They had forgotten all about the comtesse. And the hard, brittle voice sounded like a dissonance into their conversation. Harro slowly turned to look at the Comtesse. And there he saw in her eyes an eerie, hateful look that rested on Griseldis von Ronach. What was that? He felt as if he had to protect the young head from this look. Involuntarily, he took a step forward, between Beate and Griseldis. Beate directed Griseldis to an armchair. "Please take a seat, Fräulein von Ronach. You can take tea with us today. Whether in the future you will take your meals with us or in your room will be decided by the Count himself," she said politely, but with a tone from which it blew Griseldis like ice cold. "It goes without saying, Beate, that Fräulein von Ronach will dine with us." "Forgive me, Harro, but I could not find it so natural if only because Fräulein von Ronach's predecessor did not dine with us at our table." Harro saw that Griseldis's lips twitched softly as if in embarrassment. He thought it tactless of Beate to touch on this matter in her presence. "You know, Beate, why Mademoiselle Perdunoir had to be measured by a different standard than Fräulein von Ronach. I wish my daughter's governess to enjoy unconditional family affiliation. Forgive me, Miss von Ronach, for bringing up this matter in your presence. It should not have been. But since it had been touched upon once, it had to be made clear in your presence as well." Griseldis raised her eyes and looked at him gratefully with joy that he was so chivalrously standing up for her. That settled that subject, Beate felt as if she had suffered a defeat. And this defeat she attributed to the account of Griseldis. Her dislike for the beautiful girl increasingly resembled a feeling of deadly hatred.