 Harro, after saying goodbye to Beate, had once again entered his daughter's bedroom. She slept soundly, despite the howling storm, and breathed calmly and comfortably. For the first time in long months there was a feeling of quiet peace in his chest, he forgot for a short time what was oppressing and tormenting him. Slowly he walked through his rooms, between which all the doors were wide open. It felt good to be a free man again, no longer locked up in a narrow room in which he had had to spend his time in custody. Then he stepped up to his desk. There was a photograph of his wife. It had been taken at the residence the previous winter. Harro took the picture up and looked at it for a long time. Once he had loved this charming creature, when he had still believed that a beautiful soul must live in the beautiful body. Her countenance, her sparkling, vivacious nature, her elegant grace had enraptured him. "Did you do it yourself, Alice? Were you more guilty still than I suspected, and did you pronounce judgment upon yourself? Or was it as Beate suspects, did you only play a dangerous game without believing in the full seriousness of it? But how did you come into possession of the poison? He put the picture back and then bent over the desk to open the secret compartment. Then he looked at the door. Could someone have overheard him opening the secret compartment? Yes - it could be seen from the door. But if someone had been standing at the door and had overheard him, then he should have seen that someone. Keenly weighing it up, he looked at the door. And then he shook his head. But then he suddenly stopped - there was a person standing in the next room, shaking his head. He took a closer look and straightened up in shock. That was his reflection. Right there in the mirror in the next room, there he was to be seen. And his desk had to be reflected in this mirror. He quickly stepped over and looked into the mirror from over there. Right, from here you could overlook the whole desk, it was reflected. And if someone had been standing here in the next room and had overheard him, then this person had also been able to spy out the secret of the desk. Slowly and thoughtfully about this accidental discovery, he went back to his desk. Of course, the secret compartment had now become worthless to him, for he had had to show it to the gentlemen from the court. They had taken out the precious vial of poison and put it on file. The poison had been given to the chemist, and the vial had been returned to him empty today, because it was very precious. He now put it back in the secret compartment. Let it remain there. According to the forensic chemist, the contents would have been enough to kill a dozen people. A few drops of it were enough to cause the death of one person. Harro had known it was a potent poison. He had put a quick, easy end to an old, sick hunting dog a few years ago with two drops of this poison. The poison immediately paralyzed heart activity and worked quickly and painlessly. Had Alice really found out his secret, had she overheard him through the mirror and then, perhaps in a playful mood, appropriated some of the poison? But then how had she stored it? No vial, no container had been found in her bedroom from which the poison had got into the wine glass. Whether the gentlemen of the court had also investigated thoroughly enough? What if he found one somewhere in his wife's belongings? Then he would have a proof that his wife had ended by suicide. He also recalled the day when he had shown the vial to his wife, his friend Baron Dalheim, and Beate. He had previously told them about India and mentioned the vial. Then the three listeners wanted to see it. He had gone to his room and fetched it. They had all been delighted with it, and his wife had asked him to empty the vial and give it to her. But he had refused, telling her that he was too worried, that traces of the poison might also adhere to the socket, and that some mischief might result if someone touched it who had an injury to his finger. Baron Dalheim had laughed. "Surely there is nothing in it but sugar water with a little opium. The seller wanted to make the vial interesting for you," he had said. Only Beate had been silent. She had, after all, watched him kill the hound with the poison. He abruptly straightened up. Perhaps he would find some clue in his wife's rooms, some proof that she had committed suicide. In any case, he wanted to search everything, every wrinkle, every nook and cranny. His eyes would be sharper than those of the gentlemen of the court, because they were only looking for traces of a murderer - but he would look for traces of his innocence. Without hesitation, this very evening, he wanted to begin.