When Griseldis entered the castle after an hour with Gilda, the servant Heinrich came to meet her. "Fräulein von Ronach, you would like to come to the Count's study. He wants to talk to you about the little countess's lessons." "I will come at once. In the meantime, go to your room, my dear child, and I will join you in a moment." Griseldis entered the Count's study. He stood, waiting for her, at the window, and now came quickly toward her. She looked at him tall and grave. "I came here only because I had to. Please - show me the secret compartment of your desk where you kept the poison vial. It is not idle curiosity that drives me to this request. And - a secret, after all, this compartment is no longer, since the trial." "No. But even if it were still one - it shouldn't be one to you, Griseldis." He approached the desk and pressed the hidden pen. The compartment sprang open, there lay the vial with the withered wreath of flowers Griseldis had wound for Harro. "You believe, after all, that Countess Alice stole the poison from you-how do you think she got behind the secret of where this compartment is?" "I thought about that for a long time, and then by chance I got on the trail. Please step into the next room, walk up to the front door. And now look into this mirror. Please stand like this and pay attention to what you see in the mirror." He had led her into the next room at these words and quickly went into his study, stepped up to his desk, opened and closed the secret compartment. Griseldis saw all this clearly in the mirror. She quickly came over to him and had turned quite pale. "Yes - you only had to listen over there at the door, when you opened this secret compartment, the secret was revealed." He looked at her with a smile. "Is my little Sherlock Holmes satisfied now?" She knew he wasn't taking her efforts to shed light on the mystery seriously. And that was only sweet to her. It saved him the excitement. "Yes - I am satisfied." He took her hand and kissed it. "Now go, Griseldis - I must not be alone with you." "Good-bye at table," she said, and went quickly out.