Griseldis von Ronach stood in the already quite empty living room. The furniture carriers were just about to carry out the last pieces. Slim and slender, the lovely girl in her simple black dress stood in the empty room. Griseldis breathed a deep sigh of relief. She stroked her shimmering golden-blond hair, which surrounded the fine head. The brown eyes shone as if gold sparks were trapped in them, and the beautifully cut mouth that revealed pearl-like teeth when she smiled was delightful. An incomparably beautiful complexion, which testified to healthy youth, and an even figure were the gifts that Mother Nature had bestowed on poor Miss Griseldis von Ronach. She was twenty-two years old and in her young life had already struggled hard with all kinds of worries and hardships. And now fate showed her a particularly threatening figure. But she faced it bravely and undaunted, even though Aunt Agnes lamented for her. Griseldis had no idea about the letter her aunt had written to the Domina of the monastery. Mother Anna's reply to Agnes von Ronach had arrived earlier, and she had retired to her bedroom to read through the letter. If it contained a negative answer, Griseldis was not to know about it. In the meantime Griseldis finished the furniture carriers and went to the kitchen to prepare a meal. Then Aunt Agnes entered the kitchen. Her eyes were filled with tears. Griseldis looked at her, startled. "Don't be alarmed, Seldis, they are only tears of joy." "Tears of joy? I don't begrudge you those, my little auntie. Others you have now truly cried enough for my dear old dad and out of concern for me. May I then know what has extorted these tears of joy from you?" "Yes, you shall know everything now. I wrote to the Lady Domina of our convent. And today I have received an answer. And what lies in this letter - I wondered it was so heavy. There are twenty-nine invitations in it, from all the convent ladies and from the Madam Superior." "Invitations?" "Yes yes, Seldis, for you invitations to St. Mary's. Each convent lady invites you to three days and the Frau Domina to fourteen days. For three months you are now entitled to stay with me at St. Mary's. Isn't that glorious?" Griseldis read some of the invitations and laughed. "The dear good Stiftsweiberchen! I hope I can repay them someday. Somehow I'd like to make myself useful in the convent, too. By the way, now we dine - just like at Sarnow's - three courses. I've already set the table for us on the kitchen table." "You sweet, brave little fellow! God keep your cheerful courage. My vestry sisters have no idea what a ray of sunshine they have invited into the monastery. I have to admire you. Another woman in your place would weep and wail and not know what to do because of fear. You don't even let your pain for your father get you down. And it is great, I know that." Griseldis pressed her lips tightly together. But she quickly regained her composure. "I promised Dad, Auntie, that I wouldn't cry for him. In the first pain the tears went through with me nevertheless. But now I want to keep my word. You see, Dad was much more a big child to me than a father - my problem child. Oh, how bitter he was sometimes, when he was so sad about his unjust farewell. I had to make quite an effort to surround his poor life with a conciliatory glow. My worries have become so dear to me that I will miss them now. So, now eat, auntie. Don't you think potato soup can taste delicious?" Aunt Agnes tasted the soup with a smile. "Hmm! Excellent. You cook exquisitely in general, I've often noticed." "Yes - too bad I can't hire myself out as a cook. There I would get high wages and reverential treatment." "What an idea, child!" "What a pity it cannot be realized for a Freiin von Ronach. The cook in the Sarnow house occupies a position of power. When she is in a bad mood, the whole house trembles." "Couldn't you have found another position with Sarnows? They are very fond of you, and with such rich people it doesn't matter so much. They owe you so much thanks for saving little Ruth Sarnow from the death of drowning. You put your own life on the line for that child." "Tilly Sarnow keeps tormenting me to tell her a rather big wish she could grant me, and her mother does the same. So they offered me a home in their house right after Papa's death. Auntie, I wouldn't have accepted that for the world. It would look like I was trying to get paid for pulling Ruth out of the water." "I must agree with you, Seldis, though it's a pity you can't accept it." Griseldis and Aunt Agnes now had two more days to prepare for their departure. On Saturday morning, the last of the furniture was picked up. Griseldis gave a large suitcase with linen and clothes to a forwarding agent for the time being. She took the rest of her belongings with her to St. Marien.