Now Harro went to his study. There he made a phone call and was connected to the police headquarters. There he reported the death of the countess and the circumstances and asked for the appearance of a commission. He also asked that a doctor be brought to Treuenfels. Only after this had happened did he open the letter that Beate had left for him. This letter read: My beloved Harro! Once let yourself be called so by one who loved you ardently, consumingly and senselessly. When you read this letter, I will no longer be alive - and dead people can't be forbidden anything. Today you have expelled me from your house, from your proximity - because you felt that I love you, and my love was troublesome to you. Now there is only one way for me - the way to death. I know that you fell in love with the beautiful blonde governess. What I have been striving for with consuming longing for years has fallen to her of its own accord. And that's why I hate her, with the same fervor and passion as I love you - and - as I already hated your wife. I know you want to make the blonde witch your wife. But she shall not enjoy the happiness for which I had dared everything in vain. She must die with me, I don't begrudge you to anyone else and least of all to her, because I know how much you love her. And you will never know how she died. She spied on me, the blonde witch, to reveal your innocence. Through me you shall regain your honest name, as you lost it through me. Show this letter to the courts. - I hereby confess, in accordance with the truth, that I murdered the Countess Alice Treuenfels. I stole the poison from the vial that Count Harro kept hidden in a secret compartment of his desk. At night I sneaked into his room and filled a small bottle with what I needed. Through a secret closet in the countess's bedroom, known only to me, I managed to drip the poison into her wine glass unseen while she was still sitting in the next room. I read one evening, as I often did, in the family chronicle. I found the secret of the closet recorded and destroyed it. No one should know this secret after me. The next morning she was found dead. I expected that they believed it was suicide, because the poison could only have entered the wine glass when the countess was alone and no one else was with her. Unfortunately, things turned out differently. Count Harro was charged and arrested. I was beside myself with fear and horror - although I could not regret my deed. In addition, I lost a ring during my visit to the Countess's bedroom, which I suspected to be near the scene of the crime, but which I did not dare to look for because the horror kept me away from the place. If my cousin had been convicted, I would have confessed to my crime. But since he was acquitted, even if only for lack of evidence, I kept silent. I realized that Griseldis von Ronach distrusted me, that she was spying on me. Then I wrestled desperately with all the devils in my breast that urged me to commit a new crime. But when I had certainty that she knew about my guilt, when I was equally certain; that Count Harro loved her, I wanted to die - but she too should go down with me into the dark nothingness. How I destroyed her, nobody needs to know. I made her disappear in a secret chamber in the castle, of which only I have knowledge. There she finds her grave. The poison which I stole for myself and from which I gave to Countess Alice - is still good enough for me. Who among you is without fault - pray an Our Father for my poor soul. He who loves much - much shall be forgiven him. Written on July 24, 1913, Beate Dorothea Klara Komtesse Treuenfels Harro put this letter down in shock. Horror seized him as he looked into the abyss of this woman's soul. He hardly dared to rejoice that his innocence was now clearly and undoubtedly proven. Shivers ran down his spine when he thought of what she had done to Griseldis. Half an hour later the police commission arrived with the forensic doctor. Justice took its course. Count Harro presented the letter that the comtesse had left behind. The gentlemen - they were the same ones who had arrested Count Harro at that time - wished him luck in solving the mysterious affair.