 Then he breathed a deep sigh of relief and went out into the open air through the open door that led from the room directly onto the terrace. It was a glorious spring day, a May day, as the poets sing of it. As if driven by a longing, he walked across the terrace to the park. There he knew Griseldis with his little daughter. When the weather was fine, Griseldis held her lessons in an open pavilion in the park. Unnoticed he came closer and stood listening behind a group of bushes. An arithmetic lesson was being held. On the table were blank pebbles, separated into small groups. With these she taught Gilda to subtract, divide, and multiply. Gilda was eager to learn, and when she had calculated correctly, she was rewarded with a kiss. When the arithmetic lesson was over and Griseldis folded the books laughing in front of Gilda's little nose, Harro came out from his hiding place. Griseldis nodded briskly. "O yes, there's a quarter of an hour's break now." Gilda skipped away to pick flowers on the park lawn. When the Count was now alone with Griseldis, he asked, "How do you like it in Treuenfels in the long run, Fräulein von Ronach? Haven't you been bored yet?" "Boredom? That is a completely unknown term to me. And I like it better here every day. I've never experienced a spring like this one. Our cramped rented apartment in the middle of the small town never really let the concept of spring come alive in me. But here! I have seen it all grow from day to day. And when I look out my window above at the sea of blossoms at my feet, I could cry for joy." Her simple manner touched him. "So you are left with no wish at all - none at all?" She looked at him in a way that warmed his heart. "Close to my room is a round tower. It has a basement. I would like to climb up to the top of this tower. In fact, this tower is the only part of the castle that I have not yet visited. It is locked. And I would like, if it is permitted, to visit the inside of the tower as well." "Well, that wish shall be gladly granted. But I may come up to the balcony with you, mayn't I?" The blood rose abruptly to her face. Fortunately, Gilda now approached with a bouquet of flowers. "Will you make me a wreath, Griseldis?" "Gladly. Threads of yarn we have here in the table box." He watched the beautiful, slender hands working so skillfully and surely. "Would you like a wreath, too, Papa?" asked Gilda, who stood leaning against Griseldis' knee, watching her. "Yes - I think I would like that if Fräulein von Ronach will tie me one." "Gladly I will." Silence reigned for a while. Harro looked silently down at Griseldis' hands. She now had a wreath ready. This she pressed on Gilda's blond curls. Griseldis now began to wind a second wreath. "This wreath is really meant for me?" asked the Count. She nodded with a smile. "Yes, as Gilda wishes." "Life will no longer wind wreaths for me - only on my coffin will they place any. Perhaps not even that." She lowered her hands and looked into his somber face. "You look so black again into life today, Count. You shouldn't do that." He pressed his hand to his eyes and heaved a deep sigh. "I can't stand these bright, clear sunny days. Then I always feel it with double force that I am an outcast from all the joys of life." She leaned forward and looked at him firmly and calmly. "No, you must not talk like that. Your unhappiness makes you oversensitive. I would wager that your friends are only waiting for you to come into intercourse with them again. I suppose the reason they don't come to Treuenfels is because they don't know if anyone wants to see you." "Friends? In misfortune one has no friends. And you are mistaken if you think that people would associate with me. For instance, over in Dalheim there's my best friend, Baron Dalheim. When I was still living in happiness, he seemed to be inseparable from me. I met him in the forest right after I was released. He made a pretense of not seeing me." She paled at the pain that spoke from his words. "But perhaps he believed you did not want to see him. Baron Dalheim is the same, is he not, who bore witness against you?" "Yes, he alone knew, apart from my wife and my cousin, that I possessed the vial of Indian poison. And he had to testify about it." Griseldis quickly raised her countenance and looked at him inquiringly. "Comtesse Beate also knew about this poison? There was no mention of her in the trial." "No. She refused to testify as my relative." "That was - I beg your pardon for my frankness - very unwise of her." "Why?" "Because everyone had to assume that as your relative she would only refuse to make an incriminating statement." "But she couldn't have made an exculpatory one either." "Yes, she could have drawn a character picture of you for the judges, so that they became convinced that you were incapable of such a deed. In any case, if I had been Comtesse Beate, I would not have refused to testify." "Yes, you-you would have been brave on the plan, I believe." "Won't you for once turn the whole matter over to a capable detective?" He made a dismissive movement. "Oh, you're thinking of a Sherlock Holmes, performing miracles of ingenuity? After all, everything has been done on the judicial side to shed light on this matter. In vain! And I myself have searched my wife's rooms to the most hidden corners in order to find a clue. I now firmly believe that my wife herself stole the poison from my desk and put it in the wine herself. My cousin made me think that perhaps my wife had only tried the poison in a playful whim." "This was the opinion of Comtesse Beate?" asked Griseldis slowly. "Yes - she firmly believes it, and has convinced me of it, too." Griseldis hung on his lips with a tense expression. Now she said hesitantly, "Would you think it very presumptuous if I asked you to allow me to visit your late wife's rooms?" "No, certainly not. I keep tactless curiosity out of those rooms. That is why I have locked them. But to you I will gladly give the keys. May I ask why you want to visit the rooms? It is not out of curiosity." She was visibly embarrassed for a moment. But then she looked at him tall and full. "Well - I had a strange dream that pointed me to these rooms." "What was it about the dream?" She hesitated for a while. Then she said softly, "I don't want to tell you that dream - not now, maybe later on. The dream has kept me very busy." But then she said hastily, "May I ask you some questions related to my dream?" "Yes, go ahead and ask." "Your wife's bedroom is directly under my room, close to the round tower, isn't it? Does it have dark wood paneling on the walls, ending with a wide board?" "Yes." "And is the toeboard supported in certain spaces by carved pilasters?" He raised his eyes questioningly. "You had someone describe the room to you?" "No - I saw it in a dream with light-colored furniture that did not go well with the wood of the walls." "You saw that in a dream? No that's impossible! People talked to you about it." "No - no one! So my description is correct? The bed stood with its head end against the wall that abuts the tower. And in that bed I saw a beautiful blond woman lying, with one of the tresses that fell long, wrapped around her neck like a ribbon." "That's strange! My wife had the habit of always putting a lichen around her neck. She thought it was warmer than a shawl. And you saw that in the dream?" "Yes, quite clearly." "And what else did you see?" Griseldis trembled quietly with excitement, but she struggled to appear calm. "Everything I saw I cannot and will not tell you. Only a few things. Above the wood paneling of this room I saw only something light-blue, as if the open sky were spread out above it-and yet the room was closed off." "The room is covered with light blue silk above the paneling on the walls and above." "Did your lady consort have in her possession a strange, peculiar ring-a gold hoop wound like a cord, tied together at the top with a rosette, and terminated with two quoins formed by rubies? Also in the middle of the rosette was a large, round ruby." Now Count Harro laughed good-naturedly. "Does such a ring exist?" she asked breathlessly. "Yes, certainly; you must have seen it on my cousin's hand, or you could not describe it so accurately?" "Comtesse Beate owns such a ring?" "You need only ask my base to show you the ring. By the way - it occurs to me; that she used to wear the ring every day. Doesn't she do that now? I didn't pay any attention to it." "No, Comtesse Beate has never worn a ring as long as I have been in Treuenfels." "So? Well, in any case, you can ask her to show you the ring." "I would not like to do it, Count. Comtesse Beate might not respond to my request either. Therefore, may I ask you to perhaps ask the Countess to show you the ring at the table today? You would have to do it under some pretext, so that the Comtesse would not realize that this request comes from me. She should not find out about it." "Very well, then, I will start it diplomatically. By the way, I beg you not to put so much weight on my cousin's reluctance; she has been very nervous since the misfortune came upon my house." Now Gilda came up again, who in the meantime had been frolicking in the meadow. "There, Papa, now you have a wreath, too. Griseldis is ready!" The latter looked down at it. She had been weaving on and on in her mind. "Yes, it's ready, Gilda. It had to be bigger than yours. Look - here we'll put a nice, big daisy at the end and wrap it up. Now it's ready." "Griseldis says when she winds wreaths: Every flower's splendor is a happiness in life's wreath! Griseldis, you wished that for Papa's wreath, too?" "Yes, Gilda - pray that this wreath will bring your dear father as much happiness as there are flowers in it," Griseldis replied softly. Harro looked into Griseldis' blushing face. Griseldis was startled by the look, a look that went to her heart like a hot plea. She suddenly jumped up and shook the flowers from her lap. "But now our break is amply over, Gilda, we must get back to work." Harro rose with a smile. "I'm going already! And this afternoon we'll go up to the tower sill." "Oh, that's nice; I'll go with you there, won't I?" "Yes, Gilda, most certainly," Griseldis replied.